Friendship is not a game to play, It is not a word to say, It doesn't start on March and ends on May, It is tomorrow, yesterday, today and e
Happy or sad , one thing about past is- Its no more"" GOOD MORNING :-):-).""
Its so common hearin How r u? Wat r u doing? How was ur day? So let me ask u something different. Did u smile today? If not, do it now.... Gud evng.
U 2.
The hair cream has not been shipped.
Happy new years melody!
Ard 530 like dat lor. We juz meet in mrt station then _ dun haf to come out.
Sweet, we may or may not go to 4U to meet carlos so gauge patty's interest in that
I only work from mon to thurs but Sat i cant leh... Booked liao... Which other day u free?
Wat _ doing now?
Hiya , have u been paying money into my account? If so, thanks. Got a pleasant surprise when i checked my balance -u c, i don't get statements 4 that acc
Alright, I'll head out in a few minutes, text me where to meet you
Same. Wana plan a trip sometme then
Sindu got job in birla soft ..
Stupid auto correct on my phone
Me, i dont know again oh
Aldrine, rakhesh ex RTM here.pls call.urgent.
Can u get pic msgs to your phone?
Hello! How r u? Im bored. Inever thought id get bored with the tv but I am. Tell me something exciting has happened there? Anything! =/
Sounds great! Are you home now?
Okie but i scared u say i fat... Then u dun wan me already...
Here got ur favorite oyster... N got my favorite sashimi... Ok lar i dun say already... Wait ur stomach start rumbling...
4 oclock at mine. Just to bash out a flat plan.
Good morning princess! How are you?
Where wuld I be without my baby? The thought alone mite break me and I dont wanna go crazy but everyboy needs his lady xxxxxxxx
You bad girl. I can still remember them
I only haf msn. It's yijue@hotmail.com
Pls accept me for one day. Or am begging you change the number.
Anything lor... U decide...
Hey... Thk we juz go accordin to wat we discussed yest lor, except no kb on sun... Cos there's nt much lesson to go if we attend kb on sat...
Back in brum! Thanks for putting us up and keeping us all and happy. See you soon 
Sorry sir, i will call you tomorrow.  senthil.hsbc
Unlimited texts. Limited minutes.
Jus finish watching tv... U?
Edison has rightly said, A fool can ask more questions than a wise man can answer"" Now you know why all of us are speechless during ViVa.. GM",GN,GE,"GNT:-)
You should know now. So how's anthony. Are you bringing money. I've school fees to pay and rent and stuff like that. Thats why i need your help. A friend in need....|
Its not the same here. Still looking for a job. How much do Ta's earn there.
I notice you like looking in the shit mirror youre turning into a right freak
I'm home. Ard wat time will u reach?
Wat time liao, where still got.
You also didnt get na hi hi hi hi hi
Aight, call me once you're close
I'm reaching home in 5 min.
Ya just telling abt tht incident..
Dear umma she called me now :-)
Boo. How's things? I'm back at home and a little bored already :-(
Hmm .. Bits and pieces lol ... *sighs* ...
If e timing can, then i go w u lor...
Kind of. Just missed train cos of asthma attack, nxt one in half hr so driving in. not sure where to park.
I AM AT A PARTY WITH ALEX NICHOLS
How come?
WHORE YOU ARE UNBELIEVABLE.
Sorry, I'll call later
Happy birthday to you....dear.with lots of love.rakhesh NRI
They r giving a second chance to rahul dengra.
have you ever had one foot before?
Kaiez... Enjoy ur tuition... Gee... Thk e second option sounds beta... I'll go yan jiu den msg u...
Wat's my dear doing? Sleeping ah?
Almost there, see u in a sec
yes baby! I need to stretch open your pussy!
watever reLation u built up in dis world only thing which remains atlast iz lonlines with lotz n lot memories! feeling..
I was wondering if it would be okay for you to call uncle john and let him know that things are not the same in nigeria as they r here. That  <;#>;  dollars is 2years sent and that you know its a strain but i plan to pay back every dime he gives. Every dime so for me to expect anything from you is not practical. Something like that.
Hi hope u get this txt~journey hasnt been gd,now about 50 mins late I think.
Just checking in on you. Really do miss seeing Jeremiah. Do have a great month
Same to u...
Yeah get the unlimited
Long time. You remember me today.
Probably not, still going over some stuff here
Ok i msg u b4 i leave my house.
Hm good morning, headache anyone? :-)
What is your record for one night? :)
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
Arngd marriage is while u r walkin unfortuntly a snake bites u. bt love marriage is dancing in frnt of d snake &amp; sayin Bite me, bite me.
You'll never believe this but i have actually got off at taunton. Wow
Haha figures, well I found the piece and priscilla's bowl
Shall i get my pouch?
Night night, see you tomorrow
Hey gals...U all wanna meet 4 dinner at nte? 
He remains a bro amongst bros
Hi Dear Call me its urgnt. I don't know whats your problem. You don't want to work or if you have any other problem at least tell me. Wating for your reply.
At 4. Let's go to bill millers
I am in hospital da. . I will return home in evening
Of cos can lar i'm not so ba dao ok... 1 pm lor... Y u never ask where we go ah... I said u would ask on fri but he said u will ask today...
Where are you ? What are you doing ? Are yuou working on getting the pc to your mom's ? Did you find a spot that it would work ? I need you
If u dun drive then how i go 2 sch.
Just wanted to say holy shit you guys weren't kidding about this bud
He is impossible to argue with and he always treats me like his sub, like he never released me ... Which he did and I will remind him of that if necessary
We have sent JD for Customer Service cum Accounts Executive to ur mail id, For details contact us
Haha... Hope _ can hear the receipt sound... Gd luck!
Never y lei... I v lazy... Got wat? Dat day _ send me da url cant work one...
Hi the way I was with u 2day, is the normal way&this is the real me. UR unique&I hope I know u 4 the rest of mylife. Hope u find wot was lost.
Never try alone to take the weight of a tear that comes out of ur heart and falls through ur eyes... Always remember a STUPID FRIEND is here to share... BSLVYL
No..jst change tat only..
Oh... Icic... K lor, den meet other day...
Can come my room but cannot come my house cos my house still messy... Haha...
Thanx...
No idea, I guess we'll work that out an hour after we're supposed to leave since as usual nobody has any interest in figuring shit out before the last second
Was doing my test earlier. I appreciate you. Will call you tomorrow.
They don't put that stuff on the roads to keep it from getting slippery over there?
I'm leaving my house now.
I thank you so much for all you do with selflessness. I love you plenty.
Well I wasn't available as I washob nobbing with last night so they had to ask Nickey Platt instead of me!;
Pls ask macho how much is budget for bb bold 2 is cos i saw a new one for  <;#>;  dollars.
Is xy going 4 e lunch?
Busy here. Trying to finish for new year. I am looking forward to finally meeting you...
The guy at the car shop who was flirting with me got my phone number from the paperwork and called and texted me. I'm nervous because of course now he may have my address. Should i call his boss and tell him, knowing this may get him fired?
Your pussy is perfect!
Hey babe, how's it going ? Did you ever figure out where your going for New Years ?
I like to think there's always the possibility of being in a pub later.
Can you open the door?
Hey mate. Spoke to the mag people. Were on.  the is deliver by the end of the month. Deliver on the 24th sept. Talk later. 
I have many dependents
In e msg jus now. U said thanks for gift.
What i told before i tell. Stupid hear after i wont tell anything to you. You dad called to my brother and spoken. Not with me.
Am in gobi arts college
Response"" is one of d powerful weapon 2 occupy a place in others 'HEART'... So"," always give response 2 who cares 4 U""... Gud night..swt dreams..take care"
Boy you best get yo ass out here quick
Maybe westshore or hyde park village, the place near my house?
What year. And how many miles.
Ic. There are a lotta childporn cars then.
How's my loverboy doing ? What does he do that keeps him from coming to his Queen, hmmm ? Doesn't he ache to speak to me ? Miss me desparately ?
Aight fuck it, I'll get it later
He says hi and to get your ass back to south tampa (preferably at a kegger)
X2  <;#>; . Are you going to get that
Joy's father is John. Then John is the NAME of Joy's father. Mandan
Er yep sure. Props?
Dip's cell dead. So i m coming with him. U better respond else we shall come back.
Meet after lunch la...
As in i want custom officer discount oh.
Love it! Daddy will make you scream with pleasure! I am going to slap your ass with my dick!
Aight no rush, I'll ask jay
If you hear a loud scream in about <;#>; minutes its cause my Gyno will be shoving things up me that don't belong :/
Jay told me already, will do
S da..al r above  <;#>;
Yup... Ok i go home look at the timings then i msg again... Xuhui going to learn on 2nd may too but her lesson is at 8am
Madam,regret disturbance.might receive a reference check from DLF Premarica.kindly be informed.Rgds,Rakhesh,Kerala.
WE REGRET TO INFORM U THAT THE NHS HAS MADE A MISTAKE.U WERE NEVER ACTUALLY BORN.PLEASE REPORT 2 YOR LOCAL HOSPITAL 2B TERMINATED.WE R SORRY 4 THE INCONVENIENCE
Company is very good.environment is terrific and food is really nice:)
Hi:)did you asked to waheeda fathima about leave?
1Apple/Day=No Doctor. 1Tulsi Leaf/Day=No Cancer. 1Lemon/Day=No Fat. 1Cup Milk/day=No Bone Problms 3 Litres Watr/Day=No Diseases Snd ths 2 Whom U Care..:-)
Babe !!!! I LOVE YOU !!!! *covers your face in kisses*
Thanks, I'll keep that in mind
Sian... Aft meeting supervisor got work 2 do liao... U working now?
Raji..pls do me a favour. Pls convey my Birthday wishes to Nimya. Pls. Today is her birthday.
Aft i finish my lunch then i go str down lor. Ard 3 smth lor. U finish ur lunch already?
Ok
On ma way to school. Can you pls send me ashley's number
Where is that one day training:-)
Arun can u transfr me d amt
Id onluy matters when getting on from offcampus
We are supposed to meet to discuss abt our trip... Thought xuhui told you? In the afternoon. Thought we can go for lesson after that
Ffffffffff. Alright no way I can meet up with you sooner?
Squeeeeeze!! This is christmas hug.. If u lik my frndshp den hug me back.. If u get 3 u r cute:) 6 u r luvd:* 9 u r so lucky;) None? People hate u:
This single single answers are we fighting? Plus i said am broke and you didnt reply
Fyi I'm gonna call you sporadically starting at like  <;#>;  bc we are not not doin this shit
Do well :)all will for little time. Thing of good times ahead:
Okay. I've seen it. So i should pick it on friday?
How dare you stupid. I wont tell anything to you. Hear after i wont talk to you:-.
That sucks. I'll go over so u can do my hair. You'll do it free right?
I can't right this second, gotta hit people up first
Customer place, i wil cal u sir.
Really dun bluff me leh... U sleep early too. Nite...
Hmmm.... Mayb can try e shoppin area one, but forgot e name of hotel...
Loosu go to hospital. De dont let it careless.
Hi juan. Im coming home on fri hey. Of course i expect a welcome party and lots of presents. Ill phone u when i get back. Loads of love nicky x x x x x x x x x
Your account has been refilled successfully by INR  <;DECIMAL>; . Your KeralaCircle prepaid account balance is Rs  <;DECIMAL>; . Your Transaction ID is KR <;#>; .
Dont give a flying monkeys wot they think and I certainly dont mind. Any friend of mine and all that!
Haha... They cant what... At the most tmr forfeit... haha so how?
Well she's in for a big surprise!
Yes, princess. Toledo.
Ok c _ then.
Men like shorter ladies. Gaze up into his eyes.
Now am free call me pa.
K fyi x has a ride early tomorrow morning but he's crashing at our place tonight
Dont give a monkeys wot they think and i certainly don't mind. Any friend of mine&all that! Just don't sleep wiv , that wud be annoyin!
Dont search love, let love find U. Thats why its called falling in love, bcoz U dont force yourself, U just fall and U know there is smeone to hold U... BSLVYL
Dear where you. Call me
What u mean u almost done? Done wif sleeping? But i tot u going to take a nap.. Yup i send her liao so i'm picking her up at ard 4 smth lor..
Come aftr  <;DECIMAL>; ..now i m cleaning the house
I shall book chez jules for half eight, if that's ok with you?
Ask g or iouri, I've told the story like ten times already
Yunny... I'm goin to be late
Hmmm:)how many players selected?
Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng musthu
Lol ... I really need to remember to eat when I'm drinking but I do appreciate you keeping me company that night babe *smiles*
Feb  <;#>;  is I LOVE U"" day. Send dis to all ur ""VALUED FRNDS"" evn me. If 3 comes back u'll gt married d person u luv! If u ignore dis u will lose ur luv 4 Evr""
(You didn't hear it from me)
Life spend with someone for a lifetime may be meaningless but a few moments spent with someone who really love you means more than life itself..
How much i gave to you. Morning.
Yetunde, i'm sorry but moji and i seem too busy to be able to go shopping. Can you just please find some other way to get what you wanted us to get. Please forgive me. You can reply free via yahoo messenger.
Hiya, had a good day? Have you spoken to since the weekend?
Good afternoon, my love. How goes your day ? What are you up to ? I woke early and am online waiting for you ... Hmmm ... Italian boy is online I see . *grins*
Like  <;#>; , same question
By the way, i've put a skip right outside the front of the house so you can see which house it is. Just pull up before it.
Hi! This is Roger from CL. How are you?
Aiya we discuss later lar... Pick _ up at 4 is it?
Do u ever get a song stuck in your head for no reason and it won't go away til u listen to it like 5 times?
Not course. Only maths one day one chapter with in one month we can finish.
Ok. She'll be ok. I guess
Guai...  shd haf seen him when he's naughty...  so free today? Can go jogging...
Good morning, my Love ... I go to sleep now and wish you a great day full of feeling better and opportunity ... You are my last thought babe, I LOVE YOU *kiss*
Its a big difference.  <;#>;  versus  <;#>;  every  <;#>; hrs
Sorry, I'll call later in meeting
I'm turning off my phone. My moms telling everyone I have cancer. And my sister won't stop calling. It hurts to talk. Can't put up with it. See u when u get home. Love u
We're all getting worried over here, derek and taylor have already assumed the worst
Horrible gal. Me in sch doing some stuff. How come u got mc?
Not really dude, have no friends i'm afraid :(
I'm job profile seems like bpo..
God's love has no limit. God's grace has no measure. God's power has no boundaries. May u have God's endless blessings always in ur life...!! Gud ni8
No i am not having not any movies in my laptop
if you aren't here in the next  <;#>;  hours imma flip my shit
Ok..  finishing soon?
Only 2% students solved this CAT question in 'xam... 5+3+2= <;#>;  9+2+4= <;#>;  8+6+3= <;#>;  then 7+2+5=????? Tell me the answer if u r brilliant...1thing.i got d answr.
Hey so whats the plan this sat? 
No prob. I will send to your email.
I might go 2 sch. Yar at e salon now v boring.
It'll be tough, but I'll do what I have to
Can't take any major roles in community outreach. You rock mel
Did u fix the teeth?if not do it asap.ok take care.
Why nothing. Ok anyway give me treat
Nt joking seriously i told
Alright if you're sure, let me know when you're leaving
Anyway i'm going shopping on my own now. Cos my sis not done yet. Dun disturb u liao.
You're right I have now that I think about it
Maybe i could get book out tomo then return it immediately ..? Or something.
K.k..how is your sister kids?
 only send me the contents page...
Beauty sleep can help ur pimples too.
Tmr timin still da same wat cos i got lesson until 6...
Well i will watch shrek in 3D!!B)
My friends use to call the same.
My life Means a lot to me, Not because I love my life, But because I love the people in my life, The world calls them friends, I call them my World:-).. Ge:-)..
cud u tell ppl im gona b a bit l8 cos 2 buses hav gon past cos they were full & im still waitin 4 1. Pete x
I think its far more than that but find out. Check google maps for a place from your dorm.
Yar i wanted 2 scold u yest but late already... I where got zhong se qing you? If u ask me b4 he ask me then i'll go out w u all lor. N u still can act so real.
Sen told that he is going to join his uncle finance in cbe
Want to finally have lunch today?
Can you please send me my aunty's number
Ok. I asked for money how far
Sun ah... Thk mayb can if dun have anythin on... Thk have to book e lesson... E pilates is at orchard mrt u noe hor...  
That means from february to april i'll be getting a place to stay down there so i don't have to hustle back and forth during audition season as i have since my sister moved away from harlem.
Hello, my boytoy! I made it home and my constant thought is of you, my love. I hope your having a nice visit but I can't wait till you come home to me ...*kiss*
I have 2 docs appointments next week.:/ I'm tired of them shoving stuff up me. Ugh why couldn't I have had a normal body?
Not a drop in the tank
Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
Haha just kidding, papa needs drugs
I donno its in your genes or something
I'm sick !! I'm needy !! I want you !! *pouts* *stomps feet* Where are you ?! *pouts* *stomps feet* I want my slave !! I want him now !!
Yes princess! I want to catch you with my big strong hands...
I'm in a meeting, call me later at
Are you going to write ccna exam this week??
Are you not around or just still asleep? :V
Hi darlin did youPhone me? Im atHome if youwanna chat.""""
Got but got 2 colours lor. One colour is quite light n e other is darker lor. Actually i'm done she's styling my hair now.
No I'm in the same boat. Still here at my moms. Check me out on yo. I'm half naked.
I'm at work. Please call
Wake me up at  <;#>;  am morning:)
HEY MATE! HOWS U HONEY?DID U AVE GOOD HOLIDAY? GIMMI DE GOSS!x
Hey sathya till now we dint meet not even a single time then how can i saw the situation sathya.
Today my system sh get ready.all is well and i am also in the deep well
What happened in interview?
He has lots of used ones babe, but the model doesn't help. Youi have to bring it over and he'll match it up
How much are we getting?
Yo carlos, a few friends are already asking me about you, you working at all this weekend?
Ok Chinese food on its way. When I get fat you're paying for my lipo.
Oh really? perform, write a paper, go to a movie AND be home by midnight, huh?
Wherre's my boytoy ? :-(
Aight do you still want to get money
Babe! How goes that day ? What are you up to ? I miss you already, my Love ... * loving kiss* ... I hope everything goes well.
I wud never mind if u dont miss me or if u dont need me.. But u wil really hurt me wen u need me &amp; u dont tell me......... Take care:-)
First has she gained more than  <;#>; kg since she took in. Second has she done the blood sugar tests. If she has and its ok and her blood pressure is within normal limits then no worries
East coast
I know where the  <;#>;  is, I'll be there around 5
<;#>; %of pple marry with their lovers... becz they hav gud undrstndng dat avoids problems. i sent dis 2 u, u wil get gud news on friday by d person you like. And tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Dont break this chain. If you break you will suffer. send this to  <;#>;  frnds in <;#>;  mins whn u read...
Babe, have you got enough money to pick up bread and milk ? And I'll give you it back when you get home ?
Are we doing the norm tomorrow? I finish just a 4.15 cos of st tests. Need to sort library stuff out at some point tomo - got letter from today - access til end march so i better get move on!
Found it, ENC  <;#>; , where you at?
Should I head straight there or what
I am late. I will be there at
I have printed it oh. So  <;#>;  come upstairs
K..u also dont msg or reply to his msg..
HI ITS JESS I DONT KNOW IF YOU ARE AT WORK BUT CALL ME WHEN U CAN IM AT HOME ALL EVE. XXX
Well the general price is  <;#>; /oz, let me know if/when/how much you want
Sounds better than my evening im just doing my costume. Im not sure what time i finish tomorrow but i will txt you at the end.
They did't play one day last year know even though they have very good team.. Like india.
Will it help if we propose going back again tomorrow
So how's scotland. Hope you are not over showing your JJC tendencies. Take care. Live the dream
Did he say how fantastic I am by any chance, or anything need a bigger life lift as losing the will 2 live, do you think I would be the first person 2 die from N V Q? 
what are your new years plans?
Much better now thanks lol
Are you this much buzy
Ok..
He is world famamus....
3 pa but not selected.
Ok no prob... I'll come after lunch then...
Audrie lousy autocorrect
No objection. My bf not coming.
Then _ wait 4 me at bus stop aft ur lect lar. If i dun c _ then i go get my car then come back n pick _.
No b4 Thursday
Ok u can take me shopping when u get paid =D
She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife,
I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
:-) :-)
Lemme know when I can swing by and pick up, I'm free basically any time after 1 all this semester
Is ur paper today in e morn or aft?
Not able to do anything.
Hmm, too many of them unfortunately... Pics obviously arent hot cakes. Its kinda fun tho
Also where's the piece
I'm always looking for an excuse to be in the city.
Great. Never been better. Each day gives even more reasons to thank God
Excellent! Wish we were together right now!
It means u could not keep ur words.
Got fujitsu, ibm, hp, toshiba... Got a lot of model how to say...
Thinking of u ;) x""""
Can you use foreign stamps for whatever you send them off for? 
When you just put in the + sign, choose my number and the pin will show. Right?
No wonder... Cos i dun rem seeing a silver car... But i thk i saw a black one...
I am not having her number sir
Sorry da..today i wont come to play..i have driving clas..
Good night. Am going to sleep.
Dont kick coco when he's down
Oh ok wait 4 me there... My lect havent finish
No need for the drug anymore.
Im just wondering what your doing right now?
IM LATE TELLMISS IM ON MY WAY
yeah, that's what I was thinking
Thankyou so much for the call. I appreciate your care.
Carlos'll be here in a minute if you still need to buy
No need lar. Jus testing e phone card. Dunno network not gd i thk. Me waiting 4 my sis 2 finish bathing so i can bathe. Dun disturb u liao u cleaning ur room.
I'm in office now . I will call you  <;#>;  min:)
I know you are thinkin malaria. But relax, children cant handle malaria. She would have been worse and its gastroenteritis. If she takes enough to replace her loss her temp will reduce. And if you give her malaria meds now she will just vomit. Its a self limiting illness she has which means in a few days it will completely stop
you are sweet as well, princess. Please tell me your likes and dislikes in bed...
Yeah, probably but not sure. Ilol let u know, but personally I wuldnt bother, then again if ur goin to then I mite as well!!
Sure! I am driving but will reach my destination soon.
Anything lor if they all go then i go lor...
I did. One slice and one breadstick. Lol
Hey , is * rite u put 10 evey mnth is that all?
Omg I want to scream. I weighed myself and I lost more weight! Woohoo!
Call me when you get the chance plz <;3
Pls give her prometazine syrup. 5mls then  <;#>; mins later feed.
If you want to mapquest it or something look up usf dogwood drive"""," that's the tiny street where the parking lot is"
U studying in sch or going home? Anyway i'll b going 2 sch later.
i thought we were doing a king of the hill thing there.
I wish things were different. I wonder when i will be able to show you how much i value you. Pls continue the brisk walks no drugs without askin me please and find things to laugh about. I love you dearly.
Wot u up 2 u weirdo?
No. Did you multimedia message them or e-mail?
I cant wait for cornwall. Hope tonight isnt too bad as well but its rock night shite. Anyway im going for a kip now have a good night. Speak to you soon.
Yar lor he wan 2 go c horse racing today mah, so eat earlier lor. I ate chicken rice. U?
What is the plural of the noun research?
Hello. Damn this christmas thing. I think i have decided to keep this mp3 that doesnt work.
Goodmorning, today i am late for 2hrs. Because of back pain.
 eatin later but i'm eatin wif my frens now lei...  going home first? 
Ok lor... But buy wat?
I am not at all happy with what you saying or doing
This phone has the weirdest auto correct.
I love you both too :-)
I not busy juz dun wan 2 go so early.. Hee.. 
K:)all the best:)congrats...
ok....take care.umma to you too...
I will come with karnan car. Please wait till 6pm will directly goto doctor.
She went to attend another two rounds today..but still did't reach home..
I think chennai well settled?
Cool, text me when you head out
Apart from the one i told you about yesterday?
He needs to stop going to bed and make with the fucking dealing
Enjoy the showers of possessiveness poured on u by ur loved ones, bcoz in this world of lies, it is a golden gift to be loved truly..
 <;DECIMAL>; m but its not a common car here so its better to buy from china or asia. Or if i find it less expensive. I.ll holla
Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.."" GOOD NIGHT""
But that's on ebay it might be less elsewhere.
Nokia phone is lovly..
Cos darren say _ considering mah so i ask _...
Storming msg: Wen u lift d phne, u say HELLO"" Do u knw wt is d real meaning of HELLO?? . . . It's d name of a girl..! . . . Yes.. And u knw who is dat girl?? ""Margaret Hello"" She is d girlfrnd f Grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . Moral:One can 4get d name of a person"," bt not his girlfrnd... G o o d n i g h t . . .@"
HI DARLIN I HOPE YOU HAD A NICE NIGHT I WISH I HAD COME CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU LOVE FRAN PS I WANT DIRTY ANAL SEX AND I WANT A 10 MAN GANG BANG
Congrats ! Treat pending.i am not on mail for 2 days.will mail once thru.Respect mother at home.check mails.
Lol they don't know about my awesome phone. I could click delete right now if I want.
That was random saw my old roomate on campus. He graduated
I thk 50 shd be ok he said plus minus 10.. Did _ leave a line in between paragraphs?
I'm serious. You are in the money base
Are you still playing with gautham?
Printer is cool. I mean groovy. Wine is groovying
Ok im not sure what time i finish tomorrow but i wanna spend the evening with you cos that would be vewy vewy lubly! Love me xxx
I HAVE A DATE ON SUNDAY WITH WILL!!
My sister in law, hope you are having a great month. Just saying hey. Abiola
I.ll get there tomorrow and send it to you
Watch lor. I saw a few swatch one i thk quite ok. Ard 116 but i need 2nd opinion leh...
Hey they r not watching movie tonight so i'll prob b home early...
Just buy a pizza. Meat lovers or supreme. U get to pick.
This pain couldn't have come at a worse time.
A Boy loved a gal. He propsd bt she didnt mind. He gv lv lttrs, Bt her frnds threw thm. Again d boy decided 2 aproach d gal , dt time a truck was speeding towards d gal. Wn it was about 2 hit d girl,d boy ran like hell n saved her. She asked 'hw cn u run so fast?' D boy replied Boost is d secret of my energy"" n instantly d girl shouted ""our energy"" n Thy lived happily 2gthr drinking boost evrydy Moral of d story:- I hv free msgs:D;): gud ni8""
I wake up long ago already... Dunno, what other thing?
The gas station is like a block away from my house, you'll drive right by it since armenia ends at swann and you have to take howard
Which is weird because I know I had it at one point
Hey anyway i have to :-)
Sorry i cant take your call right now. It so happens that there r 2waxsto do wat you want. She can come and ill get her medical insurance. And she'll be able to deliver and have basic care. I'm currently shopping for the right medical insurance for her. So just give me til friday morning. Thats when i.ll see the major person that can guide me to the right insurance.
Don no da:)whats you plan?
ELLO BABE U OK?
Sorry, I'll call later
He telling not to tell any one. If so treat for me hi hi hi
Oh yeah I forgot. U can only take 2 out shopping at once.
Why you Dint come with us.
8 at the latest, g's still there if you can scrounge up some ammo and want to give the new ak a try
Then we gotta do it after that
I AM AT THE GAS STATION. GO THERE.
Tell where you reached
Sitting ard nothing to do lor. U leh busy w work?
Big brothers really scraped the barrel with this shower of social misfits
But i'm really really broke oh. No amount is too small even  <;#>; 
Where are you ? What do you do ? How can you stand to be away from me ? Doesn't your heart ache without me ? Don't you wonder of me ? Don't you crave me ?
Hey j! r u feeling any better," hopeSo hunny. i amnow feelin ill & ithink i may have tonsolitusaswell! damn iam layin in bedreal bored. lotsof luv me xxxx"""
I am sorry it hurt you.
So when do you wanna gym harri
Olol i printed out a forum post by a guy with the exact same  prob which was fixed with a gpu replacement. Hopefully they dont ignore that.
Lol they were mad at first but then they woke up and gave in.
I'll probably be by tomorrow (or even later tonight if something's going on)
Ya, told..she was asking wats matter?
That day you asked about anand number. Why:-)
I was up all night too worrying about this appt. It's a shame we missed a girls night out with quizzes popcorn and you doing my hair.
Remind me how to get there and I shall do so
At WHAT TIME should i come tomorrow
A swt thought: Nver get tired of doing little things 4 lovable persons.."" Coz..somtimes those little things occupy d biggest part in their Hearts.. Gud ni8""
New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, I'm always correct.!
<;#>;  am I think? Should say on syllabus
I dled 3d its very imp
This pen thing is beyond a joke. Wont a Biro do? Don't do a masters as can't do this ever again! 
Lol its ok I didn't remember til last nite
Were gonna go get some tacos
My sister cleared two round in birla soft yesterday.
Are you happy baby ? Are you alright ? Did you take that job ? I hope your fine. I send you a kiss to make you smile from across the sea ... *kiss* *kiss*
Just gettin a bit arty with my collages at the mo, well tryin 2 ne way! Got a roast in a min lovely i shall enjoy that!
Sorry man my account's dry or I would, if you want we could trade back half or I could buy some shit with my credit card
Shb b ok lor... Thanx...
(And my man carlos is definitely coming by mu tonight, no excuses)
Hmph. Go head, big baller.
Any way where are you and what doing.
Daddy will take good care of you :)
I will come tomorrow di
 gonna let me know cos comes bak from holiday that day.  is coming. Don't4get2text me  number. 
Great. So should i send you my account number.
645
That seems unnecessarily hostile
She was supposed to be but couldn't make it, she's still in town though
K..k..i'm also fine:)when will you complete the course?
Webpage s not available!
Just finished. Missing you plenty
R u sure they'll understand that! Wine * good idea just had a slurp!
My sister got placed in birla soft da:-)
Alright omw, gotta change my order to a half8th
Are you wet right now?
I'm in a meeting, call me later at
I thk 530 lor. But dunno can get tickets a not. Wat u doing now?
U really pig leh sleep so much. My dad wake me up at 10 smth 2 eat lunch today.
Ultimately tor motive tui achieve korli.
Hi baby ive just got back from work and i was wanting to see u allday! I hope i didnt piss u off on the phone today. If u are up give me a call xxx
Hey i've booked the pilates and yoga lesson already... Haha
Beerage?
If we hit it off, you can move in with me :)
Ugh y can't u just apologize, admit u were wrong and ask me to take u back?
U can call me now...
Is there any movie theatre i can go to and watch unlimited movies and just pay once?
Aight, tomorrow around  <;#>;  it is
What your plan for pongal?
No message..no responce..what happend?
Good Morning my Dear Shijutta........... Have a great &amp; successful day.
Awesome, plan to get here any time after like  <;#>; , I'll text you details in a wee bit
Carlos says he'll be at mu in  <;#>;  minutes
Somebody should go to andros and steal ice
Meanwhile in the shit suite: xavier decided to give us  <;#>;  seconds of warning that samantha was coming over and is playing jay's guitar to impress her or some shit. Also I don't think doug realizes I don't live here anymore
Now thats going to ruin your thesis!
I anything lor...
When you get free, call me
5 nights...We nt staying at port step liao...Too ex
Once free call me sir. I am waiting for you.
I'm on my way home. Went to change batt 4 my watch then go shop a bit lor.
2 laptop... I noe infra but too slow lar... I wan fast one
A bit of Ur smile is my hppnss, a drop of Ur tear is my sorrow, a part of Ur heart is my life, a heart like mine wil care for U, forevr as my GOODFRIEND
Change again... It's e one next to escalator...
No calls..messages..missed calls
You have registered Sinco as Payee. Log in at icicibank.com and enter URN  <;#>;  to confirm. Beware of frauds. Do NOT share or disclose URN to anyone.
We took hooch for a walk toaday and i fell over! Splat! Grazed my knees and everything! Should have stayed at home! See you tomorrow! 
I think Im waiting for the same bus! Inform me when you get there, if you ever get there.
Ya! when are _ taking ure practical lessons? I start in june..  
Good evening Sir, hope you are having a nice day. I wanted to bring it to your notice that I have been late in paying rent for the past few months and have had to pay a $ <;#>;  charge. I felt it would be inconsiderate of me to nag about something you give at great cost to yourself and that's why i didnt speak up. I however am in a recession and wont be able to pay the charge this month hence my askin well ahead of month's end. Can you please help. Thank you for everything.
:-) yeah! Lol. Luckily i didn't have a starring role like you!
He says hi and to get your ass back to south tampa (preferably at a kegger)
The whole car appreciated the last two! Dad and are having a map reading semi argument but apart from that things are going ok. P.
Is ur paper in e morn or aft tmr?
And by when you're done I mean now
Where at were hungry too
They released vday shirts and when u put it on it makes your bottom half naked instead of those white underwear.
This pay is  <;DECIMAL>;  lakhs:)
There'll be a minor shindig at my place later tonight, you interested?
What do u reckon as need 2 arrange transport if u can't do it, thanks
Thanks for looking out for me. I really appreciate.
Sir, I need Velusamy sir's date of birth and company bank facilities details.
I'm ok wif it cos i like 2 try new things. But i scared u dun like mah. Cos u said not too loud.
Anyway seriously hit me up when you're back because otherwise I have to light up with armand and he always has shit and/or is vomiting
Sorry battery died, yeah I'm here
Dont put your phone on silent mode ok
Old Orchard near univ. How about you?
Nothing, smsing u n xy lor. Sorry lor da guys neva c u in person but they sort of know u lor. So u wan 2 meet them xy ask me 2 bring u along 4 our next meeting.
Oh... Haha... Den we shld had went today too... Gee, nvm la... Kaiez, i dun mind goin jazz oso... Scared hiphop open cant catch up... 
Of course. I guess god's just got me on hold right now.
Are u coming to the funeral home
Lmao ok I wont be needing u to do my hair anymore.
K..k:)how much does it cost?
At WHAT TIME should i come tomorrow
House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  <;#>; th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..understand?
Tick, tick, tick .... Where are you ? I could die of loneliness you know ! *pouts* *stomps feet* I need you ...
Holy living christ what is taking you so long
I meant middle left or right?
Dude while were makin those weirdy brownies my sister made awesome cookies. I took pics.
Its ok, called mom instead have fun
Ah, well that confuses things, doesnt it? I thought was friends with now. Maybe i did the wrong thing but i already sort of invited -tho he may not come cos of money.
Lol you forgot it eh ? Yes, I'll bring it in babe
I'm always on yahoo messenger now. Just send the message to me and i.ll get it you may have to send it in the mobile mode sha but i.ll get it. And will reply.
Machan you go to gym tomorrow,  i wil come late goodnight.
Sorry dude. Dont know how i forgot. Even after Dan reminded me. Sorry. Hope you guys had fun.
Please tell me not all of my car keys are in your purse
swhrt how u dey,hope ur ok, tot about u 2day.love n miss.take care.
* Am on my way
Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
Yup. Wun believe wat? U really neva c e msg i sent shuhui?
And stop being an old man. You get to build snowman snow angels and snowball fights.
Dear, take care. I am just reaching home.love u a lot.
I am on the way to ur home
Yes watching footie but worried we're going to blow it - Phil Neville?
Sorry, got a late start, we're on the way
I am waiting for your call sir.
K, can that happen tonight?
I will come tomorrow di
Nope i'm not drivin... I neva develop da photos lei...
Full heat pa:-) i have applyed oil pa.
Hi di is yijue we're meeting at 7 pm at esaplanade tonight.
Sir, Waiting for your mail.
Your board is working fine. The issue of overheating is also reslove. But still software inst is pending. I will come around 8'o clock.
I'm going out to buy mum's present ar.
Wow v v impressed. Have funs shopping!
Yup i thk so until e shop closes lor.
Probably gonna be here for a while, see you later tonight <;)
When people see my msgs, They think Iam addicted to msging... They are wrong, Bcoz They don't know that Iam addicted to my sweet Friends..!! BSLVYL
My mobile number.pls sms ur mail id.convey regards to achan,amma.Rakhesh.Qatar
Love it! I want to flood that pretty pussy with cum...
twenty past five he said will this train have been to durham already or not coz i am in a reserved seat
Are you driving or training?
Yes we were outside for like 2 hours. And I called my whole family to wake them up cause it started at 1 am
here is my new address -apples&pairs&all that malarky
Yup i shd haf ard 10 pages if i add figures...  all got how many pages?
Good evening Sir, Al Salam Wahleykkum.sharing a happy news.By the grace of God, i got an offer from Tayseer,TISSCO and i joined.Hope you are fine.Inshah Allah,meet you sometime.Rakhesh,visitor from India.
Nothing. Can...
Mm have some kanji dont eat anything heavy ok
Wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
Even my brother is not like to speak with me. They treat me like aids patent.
Happy birthday... May all ur dreams come true...
Booked ticket for pongal?
Do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? So that, One who is made for you comes &amp; fills those gaps by holding your hand with LOVE..!
Have you got Xmas radio times. If not i will get it now
And he's apparently bffs with carly quick now
Captain is in our room:)
Good good, billy mates all gone. Just been jogging, again! Did enjoy concert?
Dear got train and seat mine lower seat
K...k...yesterday i was in cbe .
CHA QUITEAMUZING THATSCOOL BABE,"PROBPOP IN & CU SATTHEN HUNNY 4BREKKIE! LOVE JEN XXX. PSXTRA LRG PORTIONS 4 ME PLEASE """
Sorry im getting up now, feel really bad- totally rejected that kinda me thing.
What Today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
Ok i thk i got it. Then u wan me 2 come now or wat?
Send his number and give reply tomorrow morning for why you said that to him like that ok
Short But Cute: Be a good person," but dont try to prove it.."" .Gud noon...."
O. Guess they both got screwd
Actually nvm, got hella cash, we still on for  <;#>; ish?
Dear we are going to our rubber place
Thk shld b can... Ya, i wana go 4 lessons... Haha, can go for one whole stretch...
Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
 mean it's confirmed... I tot they juz say oni... Ok then... 
No problem. How are you doing?
Hi mate its RV did u hav a nice hol just a message 3 say hello coz havent sent u 1 in ages started driving so stay off roads!RVx
Auntie huai juan never pick up her phone
Sorry, I'll call later
Excellent! Are you ready to moan and scream in ecstasy?
How long has it been since you screamed, princess?
Yes..he is really great..bhaji told kallis best cricketer after sachin in world:).very tough to get out.
Did u turn on the heater? The heater was on and set to <;#>; degrees.
Your gonna have to pick up a $1 burger for yourself on your way home. I can't even move. Pain is killing me.
Thanx a lot 4 ur help!
Captain vijaykanth is doing comedy in captain tv..he is drunken :)
What to think no one saying clearly. Ok leave no need to ask her. I will go if she come or not
Each Moment in a day,has its own value-Morning brings hope,afternoon brings faith,Evening brings luv,Night brings rest,Wish u find them all today.Good Morning
How come she can get it? Should b quite diff to guess rite...
I got a call from a landline number. . . I am asked to come to anna nagar . . . I will go in the afternoon
Did you say bold, then torch later. Or one torch and 2bold?
Yo you around? A friend of mine's lookin to pick up later tonight
Home so we can always chat
Its going good...no problem..but still need little experience to understand american customer voice...
Thanks for this hope you had a good day today
Hi frnd, which is best way to avoid missunderstding wit our beloved one's?
Send this to ur friends and receive something about ur voice..... How is my speaking expression? 1.childish 2.naughty 3.Sentiment 4.rowdy 5.ful of attitude 6.romantic 7.shy 8.Attractive 9.funny  <;#>; .irritating  <;#>; .lovable. reply me..
Oi. Ami parchi na re. Kicchu kaaj korte iccha korche na. Phone ta tul na. Plz. Plz.
Omg how did u know what I ate?
Trust me. Even if isn't there, its there.
Ha ha - had popped down to the loo when you hello-ed me. Hello!
I see the letter B on my car
Great escape. I fancy the bridge but needs her lager. See you tomo 
So there's a ring that comes with the guys costumes. It's there so they can gift their future yowifes. Hint hint
Meeting u is my work. . . Tel me when shall i do my work tomorrow
So that takes away some money worries
Tonight? Yeah, I'd be down for that
Lol! Nah wasn't too bad thanks. Its good to b home but its been quite a reality check. Hows ur day been? Did u do anything with website?
No i'm not. I can't give you everything you want and need. You actually could do better for yourself on yor own--you've got more money than i do. I can't get work, i can't get a man, i can't pay the rent, i can't even fill my fucking gas tank. yes, i'm stressed and depressed. I didn't even call home for thanksgiving cuz i'll have to tell them i,m up to nothing.
Hello handsome ! Are you finding that job ? Not being lazy ? Working towards getting back that net for mummy ? Where's my boytoy now ? Does he miss me ?
Thanx 4 the time weve spent 2geva, its bin mint! Ur my Baby and all I want is u!xxxx
Senthil group company Apnt 5pm.
You were supposed to wake ME up >;:(
K sure am in my relatives home. Sms me de. Pls:-)
Except theres a chick with huge boobs.
Once a fishrman woke early in d mrng. It was very dark. He waited a while &amp; found a sack ful of stones. He strtd throwin thm in2 d sea 2 pass time. Atlast he had jus 1stone, sun rose up &amp; he found out tht those r nt stones, those were diamonds. Moral:Dont wake up early in d mrng'' GOOD night""
I hope you arnt pissed off but id would really like to see you tomorrow. Love me xxxxxxxxxxxxxX
Sat right? Okay thanks... 
I'm watching lotr w my sis dis aft. So u wan 2 meet me 4 dinner at nite a not?
No screaming means shouting..
Hope this text meets you smiling. If not then let this text give you a reason to smile. Have a beautiful day.
Hey! There's veggie pizza... :/
Sorry, I'll call later
Whom you waited for yesterday
Thanks. It was only from tescos but quite nice. All gone now. Speak soon 
Since when, which side, any fever, any vomitin.
CHEERS FOR CALLIN BABE.SOZI CULDNT TALKBUT I WANNATELL U DETAILS LATER WENWECAN CHAT PROPERLY X""""
Hi dude hw r u da realy mising u today
Are you staying in town ?
Onum ela pa. Normal than.
Cold. Dont be sad dear
how are you? I miss you!
Garbage bags, eggs, jam, bread, hannaford wheat chex
Just sing HU. I think its also important to find someone female that know the place well preferably a citizen that is also smart to help you navigate through. Even things like choosing a phone plan require guidance. When in doubt ask especially girls.
Jason says it's cool if we pick some up from his place in like an hour
Its Ur luck to Love someone. Its Ur fortune to Love the one who Loves U. But," its a miracle to Love a person who can't Love anyone except U..."" Gud nyt..."
Wow didn't think it was that common. I take it all back ur not a freak! Unless u chop it off:-)
Dude im no longer a pisces. Im an aquarius now.
 collecting ur laptop then going to configure da settings izzit?
Goodmorning, Today i am late for  <;#>; min.
Hurry home u big butt. Hang up on your last caller if u have to. Food is done and I'm starving. Don't ask what I cooked.
I just got home babe, are you still awake ?
Aiyo please _ got time meh.
Sorry, I'll call later in meeting.
Well good morning mr . Hows london treatin' ya treacle?
For fear of fainting with the of all that housework you just did? Quick have a cuppa
I liked the new mobile
Do you know when the result.
<;#>;  great loxahatchee xmas tree burning update: you can totally see stars here
That seems unnecessarily affectionate
He remains a bro amongst bros
In fact when do you leave? I think addie goes back to school tues or wed
Eatin my lunch...
Ya ok, then had dinner?
would u fuckin believe it they didnt know i had thurs pre booked off so they re cancelled me AGAIN! that needs to b sacked
Give one miss from that number please
Pls what's the full name of joke's school cos fees in university of florida seem to actually be  <;#>; k. Pls holla back
That's cool, I'll come by like  <;#>; ish
Good morning princess! Have a great day!
Hello my boytoy ... Geeee I miss you already and I just woke up. I wish you were here in bed with me, cuddling me. I love you ...
Yun buying... But school got offer 2000 plus only...
1's reach home call me.
Detroit. The home of snow. Enjoy it.
For many things its an antibiotic and it can be used for chest abdomen and gynae infections even bone infections.
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
G says you never answer your texts, confirm/deny
Yup... How noe leh...
I'm really sorry I lit your hair on fire
Dunno dat's wat he told me. Ok lor...
Ha ha nan yalrigu heltini..Iyo kothi chikku, u shared many things wit me..so far i didn't told any body and even uttered a word abt u.. If ur trusting me so much how can i tell these to others.. Plz nxt time dont use those words to me..ok, chikku:-);-)B-)
Yun ah.the ubi one say if wan call by tomorrow.call 67441233 look for irene.ere only got bus8,22,65,61,66,382. Ubi cres,ubi tech park.6ph for 1st 5wkg days.̬n
No rushing. I'm not working. I'm in school so if we rush we go hungry.
I need to come home and give you some good lovin...
I take it the post has come then! You must have 1000s of texts now! Happy reading. My one from wiv hello caroline at the end is my favourite. Bless him
Uh, heads up we don't have THAT much left
Still work going on:)it is very small house.
Shopping lor. Them raining mah hard 2 leave orchard.
_ and dont worry well have finished by march _ ish!
See the forwarding message for proof
Sir, I am waiting for your mail.
K k:) sms chat with me.
I got your back! Do you have any dislikes in bed?
No plans yet. What are you doing ?
I told her I had a Dr appt next week. She thinks I'm gonna die. I told her its just a check. Nothing to be worried about. But she didn't listen.
I jokin oni lar.. busy then i wun disturb _.
Party's at my place at usf, no charge (but if you can contribute in any way it is greatly appreciated) and yeah, we got room for one more
GRAN ONLYFOUND OUT AFEW DAYS AGO.CUSOON HONI""""
I'm eatin now lor, but goin back to work soon... E mountain deer show huh... I watch b4 liao, very nice...
You unbelievable faglord
I though we shd go out n have some fun so bar in town or something  sound ok?
I was just callin to say hi. Take care bruv!
Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
U still painting ur wall?
Xy trying smth now. U eat already? We havent...
Living is very simple.. Loving is also simple.. Laughing is too simple.. Winning is tooo simple.. But, being 'SIMPLE' is very difficult.. Gud nte.:-
A pure hearted person can have a wonderful smile that makes even his/her enemies to feel guilty for being an enemy.. So catch the world with your smile..:) GOODMORNING &amp; HAVE A SMILEY SUNDAY..:)
Nah man, my car is meant to be crammed full of people
If you're thinking of lifting me one then no.
Haf u found him? I feel so stupid da v cam was working.
I to am looking forward to all the sex cuddling.. Only two more sleeps 
Ok lor. I'm in town now lei.
HI DARLIN ITS KATE ARE U UP FOR DOIN SOMETHIN TONIGHT? IM GOING TO A PUB CALLED THE SWAN OR SOMETHING WITH MY PARENTS FOR ONE DRINK SO PHONE ME IF U CAN
No break time one... How... I come out n get my stuff fr _?
Ok enjoy . R u there in home.
Just got some gas money, any chance you and the gang want to go on a grand nature adventure?
What's your room number again? Wanna make sure I'm knocking on the right door
Bbq this sat at mine from 6ish. Ur welcome 2 come
Ugh I don't wanna get out of bed. It's so warm.
K..k...from tomorrow onwards started ah?
Nice talking to you! please dont forget my pix :) i want to see all of you...
is your hamster dead? Hey so tmr i meet you at 1pm orchard mrt? 
, im .. On the snowboarding trip. I was wondering if your planning to get everyone together befor we go..a meet and greet kind of affair? Cheers, 
I accidentally deleted the message. Resend please.
Man this bus is so so so slow. I think you're gonna get there before me
From 5 to 2 only my work timing.
Sorry, I'll call later
Sorry, I'll call later
Oh yes, why is it like torture watching england?
K. I will sent it again
Get the door, I'm here
Congrats. That's great. I wanted to tell you not to tell me your score cos it might make me relax. But its motivating me so thanks for sharing
Haha... Yup hopefully  we will lose a few kg by mon. after hip hop can go orchard and weigh again
Haha I heard that, text me when you're around
I will reach ur home in  <;#>;  minutes
I know complain num only..bettr directly go to bsnl offc nd apply for it..
Dude ive been seeing a lotta corvettes lately
Reading gud habit.. Nan bari hudgi yorge pataistha ertini kano:-)
We have pizza if u want
How have your little darlings been so far this week? Need a coffee run tomo?Can't believe it's that time of week already _
No we sell it all so we'll have tons if coins. Then sell our coins to someone thru paypal. Voila! Money back in life pockets:)
Kate jackson rec center before 7ish, right?
Do _ all wan 2 meet up n combine all the parts? How's da rest of da project going?
As usual..iam fine, happy &amp; doing well..:)
I have a rather prominent bite mark on my right cheek
Good words.... But words may leave u in dismay many times.
Hey whats up? U sleeping all morning?
Awesome, I'll see you in a bit
Yes. It's all innocent fun. O:-)
Ard 530 lor. I ok then message _ lor.
Nvm it's ok...
Does cinema plus drink appeal tomo? * Is a fr thriller by director i like on at mac at 8.30.
Lemme know when you're here
Just curious because my cuz asked what I was up to
I will treasure every moment we spend together...
Nope. Meanwhile she talk say make i greet you.
Just looked it up and addie goes back Monday, sucks to be her
Call me. I m unable to cal. Lets meet bhaskar, and deep
My slave! I want you to take 2 or 3 pictures of yourself today in bright light on your cell phone! Bright light!
The sign of maturity is not when we start saying big things.. But actually it is, when we start understanding small things... *HAVE A NICE EVENING* BSLVYL
Wah lucky man... Then can save money... Hee...
I'm fine. Hope you are good. Do take care.
Geeeee ... I love you so much I can barely stand it
Nice. Wait...should you be texting right now? I'm not gonna pay your ticket, ya know!
U still havent got urself a jacket ah?
I knew it... U slept v late yest? Wake up so late...
Sure thing big man. i have hockey elections at 6, shouldnt go on longer than an hour though
Ok...
Sorry, I'll call later
Babe ? I lost you ... Will you try rebooting ?
Ok lor but not too early. Me still having project meeting now.
When are you guys leaving?
K.then any other special?
I am thinking of going down to reg for pract lessons.. Flung my advance.. Haha wat time u going?
It vl bcum more difficult..
Ma head dey swell oh. Thanks for making my day
Sorry man, my stash ran dry last night and I can't pick up more until sunday
My darling sister. How are you doing. When's school resuming. Is there a minimum wait period before you reapply? Do take care
House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  <;#>; th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..understand?
Did u download the fring app?
I'm not smoking while people use wylie smokes too much"" to justify ruining my shit""
Dear i have reache room
New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, I'm always correct.!
GOD ASKED, What is forgiveness?"" A little child gave lovely reply"," ""It is d wonderful fruit that a tree gives when it is being hurt by a stone.. Good night......"
I know! Grumpy old people. My mom was like you better not be lying. Then again I am always the one to play jokes...
Your daily text from me  a favour this time
Hi i won't b ard 4 christmas. But do enjoy n merry x'mas.
Gokila is talking with you aha:)
Sorry, I'll call later
Check audrey's status right now
Oh fine, I'll be by tonight
She just broke down a list of reasons why nobody's in town and I can't tell if she's being sarcastic or just faggy
Hi happy birthday. Hi hi hi hi hi hi hi
Oh for fuck's sake she's in like tallahassee
I'm outside islands, head towards hard rock and you'll run into me
No. I.ll meet you in the library
Was the actual exam harder than NBME
Pls send me your address sir.
Raji..pls do me a favour. Pls convey my Birthday wishes to Nimya. Pls. Today is her birthday.
Im parked next to a MINI!!!! When are you coming in today do you think?
K k pa Had your lunch aha.
Hey... What time is your driving on fri? We go for evaluation on fri?
Alright i have a new goal now
But i'm surprised she still can guess right lor...
Tunji, how's the queen? how are you doing. This is just wishing you a great day. Abiola.
Why don't you go tell your friend you're not sure you want to live with him because he smokes too much then spend hours begging him to come smoke
Infact happy new year. How are you where are you when are we seeing
Yeah, probably here for a while
I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
I am in tirupur.  call you da.
I've been trying to reach him without success
Why tired what special there you had
Dai  <;#>;  naal eruku.
Hey what how about your project. Started aha da.
I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
Thanks honey but still haven't heard anything I will leave it a bit longer so not 2 crowd him and will try later - great advice thanks hope cardiff is still there!
That's significant but dont worry.
Nutter. Cutter. Ctter. Cttergg. Cttargg. Ctargg. Ctagg. ie you
Bring tat cd don forget
Kent vale lor...  wait 4 me there ar?
Babe, I need your advice
Your dad is back in ph?
It is only yesterday true true.
Wait  <;#>;  min..
Ok
Do we have any spare power supplies
Coffee cake, i guess...
Call me when you/carlos is/are here, my phone's vibrate is acting up and I might not hear texts
Delhi and chennai still silent.
Any chance you might have had with me evaporated as soon as you violated my privacy by stealing my phone number from your employer's paperwork. Not cool at all. Please do not contact me again or I will report you to your supervisor.
It only does simple arithmetic not percentages.
No..but heard abt tat..
Same as u... Dun wan... Y u dun like me already ah... Wat u doing now? Still eating?
Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
How i noe... She's in da car now... Later then c lar... I'm wearing shorts...
Ya they are well and fine., BBD(pooja) full pimples..even she become quite black..and ur rite here its too cold, wearing sweatter..
Die... Now i have e toot fringe again...
Okie _ wan meet at bishan? Cos me at bishan now. I'm not driving today.
Was actually sleeping and still might when u call back. So a text is gr8. You rock sis. Will send u a text wen i wake.
Im in inperialmusic listening2the weirdest track ever byleafcutter john-sounds like insects being molested&someone plumbing,remixed by evil men on acid!
You stayin out of trouble stranger!!saw Dave the other day hes sorted now!still with me bloke when u gona get a girl MR!ur mum still Thinks we will get 2GETHA! 
Ya that one is slow as poo
Ok. No wahala. Just remember that a friend in need ...
Hey, can you tell me blake's address? Carlos wanted me to meet him there but I got lost and he's not answering his phone
That's fine, I'll bitch at you about it later then
Hope youre not having too much fun without me!! see u tomorrow love jess x
Just sent you an email  to an address with incomm in it, is that right?
Dnt worry...use ice pieces in a cloth pack.also take 2 tablets.
Ok... I din get ur msg...
Happy New Year Princess!
Wait.i will come out.. <;#>;  min:)
I am in tirupur da, once you started from office call me.
Thanks for understanding. I've been trying to tell sura that.
Hey ! I want you ! I crave you ! I miss you ! I need you ! I love you, Ahmad Saeed al Hallaq ...
Then get some cash together and I'll text jason
Today iZ Yellow rose day. If u love my frndship give me 1 misscall &amp; send this to ur frndZ &amp; See how many miss calls u get. If u get 6missed U marry ur Lover.
Mine here like all fr china then so noisy.
Thanks chikku..:-) gud nyt:-*
I think u have the wrong number.
HI BABE U R MOST LIKELY TO BE IN BED BUT IM SO SORRY ABOUT TONIGHT! I REALLY WANNA SEE U TOMORROW SO CALL ME AT 9. LOVE ME XXX
K, I might come by tonight then if my class lets out early
When you are big..| God will bring success.
2 and half years i missed your friendship:-)
Well i know Z will take care of me. So no worries.
Really... I tot ur paper ended long ago... But wat u copied jus now got use? U happy lar... I still haf 2 study :-(
Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng
Not tonight mate. Catching up on some sleep. This is my new number by the way. 
I just saw ron burgundy captaining a party boat so yeah
staff.science.nus.edu.sg/~phyhcmk/teaching/pc1323
Hey come online! Use msn... We are all there
But your brother transfered only  <;#>;  +  <;#>; . Pa.
Yes when is the appt again?
I'm gonna say no. Sorry. I would but as normal am starting to panic about time. Sorry again! Are you seeing on Tuesday?
Well, I meant as opposed to my drunken night of before
Please dont say like that. Hi hi hi
U wan 2 haf lunch i'm in da canteen now.
Lol you won't feel bad when I use her money to take you out to a steak dinner =D
ARE YOU IN TOWN? THIS IS V. IMPORTANT
Sir, i am waiting for your call.
Don know. I did't msg him recently.
Dude we should go sup again
I think you should go the honesty road. Call the bank tomorrow. Its the tough decisions that make us great people.
Nah can't help you there, I've never had an iphone
I think it's all still in my car
No problem. Talk to you later
I WILL CAL YOU SIR. In meeting
No, I decided that only people who care about stuff vote and caring about stuff is for losers
I've told him that i've returned it. That should i re order it.
With my sis lor... We juz watched italian job.
Wot is u up 2 then bitch?
Long after I quit. I get on only like 5 minutes a day as it is.
Take care and sleep well.you need to learn to change in life.you only need to get CONVINCED on that.i will wait but no more conversations between us.GET CONVINCED by that time.Your family is over for you in many senses.respect them but not overemphasise.or u have no role in my life.
We not watching movie already. Xy wants 2 shop so i'm shopping w her now.
Ya tel, wats ur problem..
U should have made an appointment
Why do you ask princess?
How r _ going to send it to me?
I've reached home n i bathe liao... U can call me now...
Gud ni8 dear..slp well..take care..swt dreams..Muah..
I'm in a movie... Collect car oredi...
Watching tv now. I got new job :)
That's the way you should stay oh.
And miss vday the parachute and double coins??? U must not know me very well...
NONE!NOWHERE IKNO DOESDISCOUNT!SHITINNIT""""
Yes fine 
The guy (kadeem) hasn't been selling since the break, I know one other guy but he's paranoid as fuck and doesn't like selling without me there and I can't be up there til late tonight
Are you this much buzy
Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
That's my honeymoon outfit. :)
How are you with moneY...as in to you...money aint a thing....how are you sha!
No:-)i got rumour that you going to buy apartment in chennai:-)
Fine. Do you remember me.
I'm not sure if its still available though
R U &SAM P IN EACHOTHER. IF WE MEET WE CAN GO 2 MY HOUSE
Good night my dear.. Sleepwell&amp;Take care
Well done and ! luv ya all 
The search 4 happiness is 1 of d main sources of unhappiness! Accept life the way it comes! U will find happiness in every moment u live.
Hi. Hope you had a good day. Have a better night.
Pls call me da. What happen.
Remember all those whom i hurt during days of satanic imposter in me.need to pay a price,so be it.may destiny keep me going and as u said pray that i get the mind to get over the same.
R u in this continent?
Ok. Not sure what time tho as not sure if can get to library before class. Will try. See you at some point! Have good eve.
I'm hungry buy smth home...
The guy did some bitching but I acted like i'd be interested in buying something else next week and he gave it to us for free
alright tyler's got a minor crisis and has to be home sooner than he thought so be here asap
Er mw im filled tuth is aight
Sorry, I'll call later  <;#>; mins
.Please charge my mobile when you get up in morning.
S.this will increase the chance of winning.
Yup
I have no idea where you are
Can you say what happen
It's that time of the week again, ryan
I just made some payments so dont have that much. Sorry. Would you want it fedex or the other way.
Have a good trip. Watch out for . Remember when you get back we must decide about easter.
Sorry, I'll call later
That's y u haf 2 keep me busy...
I wanted to ask _ to wait 4 me to finish lect. Cos my lect finishes in an hour anyway.
S'fine. Anytime. All the best with it.
Honey ? Sweetheart ? Darling ? Sexy buns ? Sugar plum ? Loverboy ? I miss you, boytoy ... *smacks your ass* Did you go to the gym too ?
Pls confirm the time to collect the cheque.
Huh means computational science... Y they like dat one push here n there...
Great. I was getting worried about you. Just know that a wonderful and caring person like you will have only the best in life. Know that u r wonderful and God's love is yours.
Can you plz tell me the ans. BSLVYL sent via fullonsms.com
Total disappointment, when I texted you was the craziest shit got :(
What you doing?how are you?
Yes i think so. I am in office but my lap is in room i think thats on for the last few days. I didnt shut that down
Oh k.k..where did you take test?
Wot about on wed nite I am 3 then but only til 9!
I uploaded mine to Facebook
Aight I've been set free, think you could text me blake's address? It occurs to me I'm not quite as sure what I'm doing as I thought I was
Ok da, i already planned. I wil pick you.
aathi..where are you dear..
Saw Guys and Dolls last night with Patrick Swayze it was great
7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st Ur Lovely Friendship""... good morning dear""
He didn't see his shadow. We get an early spring yay
Wat so late still early mah. Or we juz go 4 dinner lor. Aiya i dunno...
Yup but it's not giving me problems now so mayb i'll jus leave it...
LOL what happens in Vegas stays in vegas
Looks like u wil b getting a headstart im leaving here bout 2.30ish but if u r desperate for my company I could head in earlier-we were goin to meet in rummer.
Dunno lei he neva say...
I keep ten rs in my shelf:) buy two egg.
Ok thanx... Take care then...
Okay... I booked all already... Including the one at bugis.
Ugh its been a long day. I'm exhausted. Just want to cuddle up and take a nap
Why you keeping me away like this
By monday next week. Give me the full gist
Awesome, think we can get an 8th at usf some time tonight?
HEY THERE BABE, HOW U DOIN? WOT U UP 2 2NITE LOVE ANNIE X.
Host-based IDPS for linux systems.
Ok. There may be a free gym about.
Just chill for another 6hrs. If you could sleep the pain is not a surgical emergency so see how it unfolds. Okay
Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish.
Sac will score big hundred.he is set batsman:-)
I will reach ur home in  <;#>;  minutes
wiskey Brandy Rum Gin Beer Vodka Scotch Shampain Wine KUDI""yarasu dhina vaazhthukkal. ..""
I'll be in sch fr 4-6... I dun haf da book in sch... It's at home...
 neva tell me how i noe... I'm not at home in da aft wat... 
Can't. I feel nauseous. I'm so pissed. I didn't eat any sweets all week cause today I was planning to pig out. I was dieting all week. And now I'm not hungry :/
He will, you guys close?
I'll see, but prolly yeah
I am in escape theatre now. . Going to watch KAVALAN in a few minutes
Wow. I never realized that you were so embarassed by your accomodations. I thought you liked it, since i was doing the best i could and you always seemed so happy about the cave"". I'm sorry I didn't and don't have more to give. I'm sorry i offered. I'm sorry your room was so embarassing.""
There's someone here that has a year  <;#>;  toyota camry like mr olayiwola's own. Mileage is  <;#>; k.its clean but i need to know how much will it sell for. If i can raise the dough for it how soon after landing will it sell. Holla back.
You got job in wipro:)you will get every thing in life in 2 or 3 years.
LOOK AT THE FUCKIN TIME. WHAT THE FUCK YOU THINK IS UP
Mark works tomorrow. He gets out at 5. His work is by your house so he can meet u afterwards.
Yep get with the program. You're slacking.
Carlos is down but I have to pick it up from him, so I'll swing by usf in a little bit
But pls dont play in others life.
Lol no. U can trust me.
Hi da:)how is the todays class?
Good afternoon, my love. It was good to see your words on YM and get your tm. Very smart move, my slave ... *smiles* ... I drink my coffee and await you.
If you r @ home then come down within 5 min
Then dun wear jeans lor...
Oh ! A half hour is much longer in Syria than Canada, eh ? Wow you must get SO much more work done in a day than us with all that extra time ! *grins*
Turns out my friends are staying for the whole show and won't be back til ~ <;#>; , so feel free to go ahead and smoke that $ <;#>;  worth
Aight yo, dats straight dogg
Msgs r not time pass.They silently say that I am thinking of U right now and also making U think of me at least 4 a moment. Gd nt.swt drms @Shesil
You call times job today ok umma and ask them to speed up
Will you be here for food
Still chance there. If you search hard you will get it..let have a try :)
Then _ come n pick me at 530 ar?
Cbe is really good nowadays:)lot of shop and showrooms:)city is shaping good.
It's fine, imma get a drink or somethin. Want me to come find you?
No way I'm going back there!
Bull. Your plan was to go floating off to IKEA with me without a care in the world. So i have to live with your mess another day.
I dont want to hear philosophy. Just say what happen
I want to be there so i can kiss you and feel you next to me
When did i use soc... I use it only at home...  dunno how 2 type it in word ar...
I just really need shit before tomorrow and I know you won't be awake before like 6
I will reach before ten morning
Good Morning my Dear........... Have a great &amp; successful day.
So that means you still think of teju
Hows the street where the end of library walk is?
I like you peoples very much:) but am very shy pa.
This is one of the days you have a billion classes, right?
Lol ok. I'll snatch her purse too.
It does it on its own. Most of the time it fixes my spelling. But sometimes it gets a completely diff word. Go figure
I will see in half an hour
Im at arestaurant eating squid! i will be out about 10:30 wanna dosomething or is that to late?""""
see, i knew giving you a break a few times woul lead to you always wanting to miss curfew. I was gonna gibe you 'til one, but a MIDNIGHT movie is not gonna get out til after 2. You need to come home. You need to getsleep and, if anything, you need to b studdying ear training.
Hi my email address has changed now it is 
You will go to walmart. I.ll stay.
Gud ni8 dear..slp well..take care..swt dreams..Muah..
K..then come wenever u lik to come and also tel vikky to come by getting free time..:-)
Have your lunch and come quickly and open the door:)
Ok...
Oh is it? Send me the address
O. Well uv causes mutations. Sunscreen is like essential thesedays
Wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
Its ok my arm is feeling weak cuz i got a shot so we can go another time
K I'll call you when I'm close
True dear..i sat to pray evening and felt so.so i sms'd you in some time...
Do u still have plumbers tape and a wrench we could borrow?
Okie
Plz note: if anyone calling from a mobile Co. &amp; asks u to type # <;#>;  or # <;#>; . Do not do so. Disconnect the call,coz it iz an attempt of 'terrorist' to make use of the sim card no. Itz confirmd by nokia n motorola n has been verified by CNN IBN.
When u wana see it then
Yup no more already... Thanx 4 printing n handing it up.
<;#>;  w jetton ave if you forgot
So how many days since then?
Haha, my legs and neck are killing me and my amigos are hoping to end the night with a burn, think I could swing by in like an hour?
No calls..messages..missed calls
I could ask carlos if we could get more if anybody else can chip in
S...from the training manual it show there is no tech process:)its all about password reset and troubleshooting:)
i cant talk to you now.i will call when i can.dont keep calling.
As in different styles?
K I'll head out in a few mins, see you there
TODAY is Sorry day.! If ever i was angry with you, if ever i misbehaved or hurt you? plz plz JUST SLAP URSELF Bcoz, Its ur fault, I'm basically GOOD
Nah it's straight, if you can just bring bud or drinks or something that's actually a little more useful than straight cash
I know dat feelin had it with Pete! Wuld get with em , nuther place nuther time mayb?
Depends on where u going lor.
Lmao you know me so well...
You do what all you like
Don't worry though, I understand how important it is that I be put in my place with a poorly thought out punishment in the face of the worst thing that has ever happened to me. Brb gonna go kill myself
Good day to You too.Pray for me.Remove the teeth as its painful maintaining other stuff.
I want to tell you how bad I feel that basically the only times I text you lately are when I need drugs
I think your mentor is , but not 100 percent sure.
Shall I bring us a bottle of wine to keep us amused? Only joking! Ill bring one anyway
Correct. So how was work today
Why i come in between you people
Most of the tiime when i don't let you hug me it's so i don't break into tears.
K...k:)why cant you come here and search job:)
Okay, good, no problem, and thanx!
Nothing really, just making sure everybody's up to speed
HEY GIRL. HOW R U? HOPE U R WELL ME AN DEL R BAK! AGAIN LONG TIME NO C! GIVE ME A CALL SUM TIME FROM LUCYxx
Lmao. Take a pic and send it to me.
Yunny i'm walking in citylink now _ faster come down... Me very hungry...
How much is blackberry bold2 in nigeria.
Oh k. . I will come tomorrow
:-( sad puppy noise
Bring home some Wendy =D
U too...
Jus finish blowing my hair. U finish dinner already?
Haven't left yet so probably gonna be here til dinner
Yar lor wait 4 my mum 2 finish sch then have lunch lor... I whole morning stay at home clean my room now my room quite clean... Hee...
Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
Aww that's the first time u said u missed me without asking if I missed u first. You DO love me! :)
What Today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
Hey sweet, I was wondering when you had a moment if you might come to me ? I want to send a file to someone but it won't go over yahoo for them because their connection sucks, remember when you set up that page for me to go to and download the format disc ? Could you tell me how to do that ? Or do you know some other way to download big files ? Because they can download stuff directly from the internet. Any help would be great, my prey ... *teasing kiss*
I'm back &amp; we're packing the car now, I'll let you know if there's room
I can't describe how lucky you are that I'm actually awake by noon
PS U no ur a grown up now right?
When you came to hostel.
Take some small dose tablet for fever
alright, I'll make sure the car is back tonight
And of course you should make a stink!
 bot notes oredi... Cos i juz rem i got...
Alright, see you in a bit
Derp. Which is worse, a dude who always wants to party or a dude who files a complaint about the three drug abusers he lives with
Oh dang! I didn't mean o send that to you! Lol!
Hello. No news on job, they are making me wait a fifth week! Yeah im up for some woozles and weasels... In exeter still, but be home about 3. 
I've sent my wife your text. After we buy them she'll tell you what to do. So just relax. We should go get them this wkend.
Where r e meeting tmr?
No! But we found a diff farm shop to buy some cheese. On way back now, can i call in?
Ok i go change also...
not that I know of, most people up here are still out of town
what is your account number?
No shit, but I wasn't that surprised, so I went and spent the evening with that french guy I met in town here and we fooled around a bit but I didn't let him fuck me
Ok...
Me too baby! I promise to treat you well! I bet you will take good care of me...
Slept? I thinkThis time ( <;#>;  pm) is not dangerous
Hi dis is yijue i would be happy to work wif _ all for gek1510...
Hey, iouri gave me your number, I'm wylie, ryan's friend
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
No that just means you have a fat head
Yes just finished watching days of our lives. I love it.
I have lost 10 kilos as of today!
Sorry about that this is my mates phone and i didnt write it love Kate
Ok... C ya...
Ok lor. Anyway i thk we cant get tickets now cos like quite late already. U wan 2 go look 4 ur frens a not? Darren is wif them now...
Hey! Congrats 2u2. id luv 2 but ive had 2 go home!
Yeah there's quite a bit left, I'll swing by tomorrow when I get up
Hello, As per request from  <;#>;  Rs.5 has been transfered to you
Hey i've booked the 2 lessons on sun liao...
We know TAJ MAHAL as symbol of love. But the other lesser known facts 1. Mumtaz was Shahjahan's 4th wife, out of his 7 wifes. 2. Shahjahan killed Mumtaz's husband to marry her. 3. Mumtaz died in her  <;#>; th delivery. 4. He then married Mumtaz's sister. Question arises where the Hell is the LOVE?:-| -The Great Hari-
I just cooked a rather nice salmon a la you
Ok...
Lol I know! Hey someone did a great inpersonation of flea on the forums. I love it!
I am late. I will be there at
I agree. So i can stop thinkin about ipad. Can you please ask macho the same question.
I have to take exam with in march 3
TELL HER I SAID EAT SHIT.
FRAN I DECIDED 2 GO N E WAY IM COMPLETELY BROKE AN KNACKERED I GOT UP BOUT 3 C U 2MRW LOVE JANX P.S THIS IS MY DADS FONE, -NO CREDIT
At what time are you coming.
Happy new year to u and ur family...may this new year bring happiness , stability and tranquility to ur vibrant colourful life:):)
Also north carolina and texas atm, you would just go to the gre site and pay for the test results to be sent.
Ok... Take ur time n enjoy ur dinner...
Ok... But they said i've got wisdom teeth hidden inside n mayb need 2 remove.
Sac needs to carry on:)
Feel like trying kadeem again? :V
Watching tv now. I got new job :)
Was the farm open?
Den wat will e schedule b lk on sun?
Ha. You dont know either. I did a a clever but simple thing with pears the other day, perfect for christmas.
Sometimes we put walls around our hearts,not just to be safe from getting hurt.. But to find out who cares enough to break the walls &amp; get closer.. GOODNOON:)
Well there's a pattern emerging of my friends telling me to drive up and come smoke with them and then telling me that I'm a weed fiend/make them smoke too much/impede their doing other things so you see how I'm hesitant
aathi..where are you dear..
Hey tmr meet at bugis 930 ?
Thx. All will be well in a few months
I send the print  outs da.
We are hoping to get away by 7, from Langport. You still up for town tonight?
Ups which is 3days also, and the shipping company that takes 2wks. The other way is usps which takes a week but when it gets to lag you may have to bribe nipost to get your stuff.
May b approve panalam...but it should have more posts..
Thanks da thangam, i feel very very happy dear. I also miss you da.
Yes. I come to nyc for audiitions and am trying to relocate.
see you then, we're all christmassy here!
do u think that any girl will propose u today by seing ur bloody funky shit fucking face...............asssssholeeee................
Are you ok. What happen to behave like this
The beauty of life is in next second.. which hides thousands of secrets. I wish every second will be wonderful in ur life...!! gud n8
Dizzamn, aight I'll ask my suitemates when I get back
Where are you?when wil you reach here?
Haven't seen my facebook, huh? Lol!
Are you angry with me. What happen dear
Ding me on ya break fassyole! Blacko from londn
You are always putting your business out there. You put pictures of your ass on facebook. You are one of the most open people i've ever met. Why would i think a picture of your room would hurt you, make you feel violated.
I wont. So wat's wit the guys
Hey u still at the gym?
LOL ... Have you made plans for new years?
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
We will meet soon princess! Ttyl!
fyi I'm at usf now, swing by the room whenever
Hey... Why dont we just go watch x men and have lunch... Haha 
Nope but i'll b going 2 sch on fri quite early lor cos mys sis got paper in da morn :-)
Were trying to find a Chinese food place around here
Oh my God. I'm almost home
K:)k..its good:)when are you going?
I thk _ gotta go home by urself. Cos i'll b going out shopping 4 my frens present. 
Don't forget who owns you and who's private property you are ... And be my good boy always .. *passionate kiss*
At home also.
Great to hear you are settling well. So what's happenin wit ola?
;-) ok. I feel like john lennon.
Got it. Seventeen pounds for seven hundred ml  hope ok.
 wait 4 me in sch i finish ard 5..
Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
Sir, I need AXIS BANK account no and bank address.
Your bill at 3 is 33.65 so thats not bad!
HIYA STU WOT U UP 2.IM IN SO MUCH TRUBLE AT HOME AT MOMENT EVONE HATES ME EVEN U! WOT THE HELL AV I DONE NOW? Y WONT U JUST TELL ME TEXT BCK PLEASE LUV DAN 
Oh yeah clearly it's my fault
No..its ful of song lyrics..
I'm in class. Will holla later
Thanx but my birthday is over already.
Sorry. You never hear unless you book it. One was kinda a joke--thet were really looking for skinny white girls. The other was one line--you can only do so much on camera with that. Something like that they're casting on the look.
2 celebrate my bday, y else?
No go. No openings for that room 'til after thanksgiving without an upcharge.
Yo, I'm at my parents' gettin cash. Good news: we picked up a downstem
Honeybee Said: *I'm d Sweetest in d World* God Laughed &amp; Said: *Wait,U Havnt Met d Person Reading This Msg* MORAL: Even GOD Can Crack Jokes! GM+GN+GE+GN:)
Surly ill give it to you:-) while coming to review.
Rose for red,red for blood,blood for heart,heart for u. But u for me.... Send tis to all ur friends.. Including me.. If u like me.. If u get back, 1-u r poor in relation! 2-u need some 1 to support 3-u r frnd 2 many 4-some1 luvs u 5+- some1 is praying god to marry u.:-) try it....
I wont get concentration dear you know you are my mind and everything :-)
When're you guys getting back? G said you were thinking about not staying for mcr
have * good weekend.
Sure but since my parents will be working on Tuesday I don't really need a cover story
O i played smash bros  <;#>;  religiously.
Cramps stopped. Going back to sleep
X course it 2yrs. Just so her messages on messenger lik you r sending me
Genius what's up. How your brother. Pls send his number to my skype.
Babe ! What are you doing ? Where are you ? Who are you talking to ? Do you think of me ? Are you being a good boy? Are you missing me? Do you love me ?
Yun ah.now _ wkg where?btw if _ go nus sc.  wana specialise in wad?
Pls give her the food preferably pap very slowly with loads of sugar. You can take up to an hour to give it. And then some water. Very very slowly.
Ya:)going for restaurant..
Yes I posted a couple of pics on fb. There's still snow outside too. I'm just waking up :)
Hello. Sort of out in town already. That . So dont rush home, I am eating nachos. Will let you know eta.
Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
Sitting in mu waiting for everyone to get out of my suite so I can take a shower
As usual u can call me ard 10 smth.
Ok but tell me half an hr b4 u come i need 2 prepare.
Today i'm not workin but not free oso... Gee... Thgt u workin at ur fren's shop ? 
Studying. But i.ll be free next weekend.
Raviyog Peripherals bhayandar east
Don't necessarily expect it to be done before you get back though because I'm just now headin out
Probably earlier than that if the station's where I think it is
So wats ur opinion abt him and how abt is character?
Oh great. I.ll disturb him more so that we can talk.
I told your number to gautham..
Horrible u eat macs eat until u forgot abt me already rite... U take so long 2 reply. I thk it's more toot than b4 so b prepared. Now wat shall i eat?
Me n him so funny...
Do 1 thing! Change that sentence into: Because i want 2 concentrate in my educational career im leaving here..""""
Then u going ikea str aft dat?
Tee hee. Off to lecture, cheery bye bye.
Ok both our days. So what are you making for dinner tonite? Am I invited?
You said not now. No problem. When you can. Let me know.
Is toshiba portege m100 gd?
When/where do I pick you up
Gibbs unsold.mike hussey
Yeah I can still give you a ride
K, wait chikku..il send aftr  <;#>; mins
The new deus ex game comin early next yr
But you dint in touch with me.
U dun say so early hor... U c already then say...
Okie
I got to video tape pple type in message lor. U so free wan 2 help me? Hee... Cos i noe u wan 2 watch infernal affairs so ask u along. Asking shuhui oso.
LMAO where's your fish memory when I need it?
Watching cartoon, listening music &amp; at eve had to go temple &amp; church.. What about u?
Geeee ... I miss you already, you know ? Your all I can think about. Fuck, I can't wait till next year when we will be together ... *loving kiss*
Don know..he is watching film in computer..
Whos this am in class:-)
Thanks for picking up the trash.
Hello lover! How goes that new job? Are you there now? Are you happy? Do you think of me? I wake, my slave and send you a teasing kiss from across the sea
So u wan 2 come for our dinner tonight a not?
Change windows logoff sound..
What you need. You have a person to give na.
Hiya, probably coming home * weekend after next
K, if u bored up just come to my home..
1 I don't have her number and 2 its gonna be a massive pain in the ass and i'd rather not get involved if that's possible
Sorry completely forgot * will pop em round this week if your still here?
I jus hope its true that  missin me cos i'm really missin him! You haven't done anything to feel guilty about, yet.
Here got lots of hair dresser fr china.
Hhahhaahahah rofl wtf nig was leonardo in your room or something
Sir send to group mail check it.
Just checked out, heading out to drop off my stuff now
How are you doing? Hope you've settled in for the new school year. Just wishin you a gr8 day
Ok then i come n pick u at engin?
What I'm saying is if you haven't explicitly told nora I know someone I'm probably just not gonna bother
happened here while you were adventuring
Yes princess! I want to please you every night. Your wish is my command...
Are you comingdown later?""""
Yeah probably, I still gotta check out with leo
Aight, I'll text you when I'm back
I wil be there with in  <;#>;  minutes. Got any space
Those cocksuckers. If it makes you feel better ipads are worthless garbage novelty items and you should feel bad for even wanting one
I got a call from a landline number. . . I am asked to come to anna nagar . . . I will go in the afternoon
Sometimes Heart Remembrs someone Very much... Forgets someone soon... Bcoz Heart will not like everyone. But liked ones will be Remembered Everytime... BSLVYL
Whatsup there. Dont u want to sleep
Hello, my love! How goes that day ? I wish your well and fine babe and hope that you find some job prospects. I miss you, boytoy ... *a teasing kiss*
She is our sister.. She belongs 2 our family.. She is d hope of tomorrow.. Pray 4 her,who was fated 4 d Shoranur train incident. Lets hold our hands together &amp; fuelled by love &amp; concern prior 2 her grief &amp; pain. Pls join in dis chain &amp; pass it. STOP VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN.
I love to give massages. I use lots of baby oil... What is your fave position?
When i have stuff to sell i.ll tell you
Vikky, come around  <;TIME>; ..
Hahaha..use your brain dear
Perhaps * is much easy give your account identification, so i will tomorrow at UNI
I thk u dun haf 2 hint in e forum already lor... Cos i told ron n darren is going 2 tell shuhui.
 ready then call me...
Hey do you want anything to buy:)
What's the significance?
Yo, call me when you get the chance, a friend of mine wanted me to ask you about a big order
She ran off with a younger man. we will make pretty babies together :)
Ok. C u then.
",Well there's still a bit left if you guys want to tonigh
Still i have not checked it da. . .
Wen did you get so spiritual and deep. That's great
HOW ARE U? I HAVE MISSED U! I HAVENT BEEN UP 2 MUCH A BIT BORED WITH THE HOLIDAY WANT 2 GO BAK 2 COLLEGE! SAD ISNT IT?xx
My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!
It's wylie, you in tampa or sarasota?
Watching telugu movie..wat abt u?
Don't fret. I'll buy the ovulation test strips and send them to you. You wont get them til like march. Can you send me your postal address.u'll be alright.Okay.
Aiyo u so poor thing... Then u dun wan 2 eat? U bathe already?
U wake up already? Thanx 4 e tau sar piah it's quite nice.
Al he does is moan at me if n e thin goes wrong its my fault&al de arguments r my fault&fed up of him of himso y bother? Hav 2go, thanx.xx
Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
Send ur birthdate with month and year, I will tel u ur LIFE PARTNER'S name. and the method of calculation. Reply must.
Brainless Baby Doll..:-D;-), vehicle sariyag drive madoke barolla..
Wrong phone! This phone! I answer this one but assume the other is people i don't well
they released another Italian one today and it has a cosign option
* Was thinking about chuckin ur red green n black trainners 2 save carryin them bac on train
Baaaaabe! I misss youuuuu ! Where are you ? I have to go and teach my class at 5 ...
I miss you so much I'm so desparate I have recorded the message you left for me the other day and listen to it just to hear the sound of your voice. I love you
Hi. I'm always online on yahoo and would like to chat with you someday
O shore are you takin the bus
Well welp is sort of a semiobscure internet thing
Dear Hero,i am leaving to qatar tonite for an apt opportunity.pls do keep in touch at  <;EMAIL>; ,kerala
(No promises on when though, haven't even gotten dinner yet)
Wish i were with you now!
Cheers for the message Zogtorius. Ive been staring at my phone for an age deciding whether to text or not.
Edison has rightly said, A fool can ask more questions than a wise man can answer"" Now you know why all of us are speechless during ViVa.. GM",GN,GE,"GNT:-)
Like a personal sized or what
 log off 4 wat. It's sdryb8i
I will spoil you in bed as well :)
Omg Joanna is freaking me out. She's looked thru all my friends to find photos of me. And then she's asking about stuff on my MySpace which I haven't even logged on in like a year. :/
Ok which your another number
Yes. They replied my mail. I'm going to the management office later. Plus will in to bank later also.or on wednesday.
Huh so late... Fr dinner?
Whens your radio show?
First answer my question.
How do you plan to manage that
Quite lor. But dun tell him wait he get complacent...
Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
Yeah there's barely enough room for the two of us, x has too many fucking shoes. Sorry man, see you later
Anything is valuable in only 2 situations: First- Before getting it... Second- After loosing it...
Are your freezing ? Are you home yet ? Will you remember to kiss your mom in the morning? Do you love me ? Do you think of me ? Are you missing me yet ?
Do you like shaking your booty on the dance floor?
Sorry, I'll call later
When is school starting. Where will you stay. What's the weather like. And the food. Do you have a social support system like friends in the school. All these things are important.
Hey we can go jazz power yoga hip hop kb and yogasana 
I taught that Ranjith sir called me. So only i sms like that. Becaus hes verifying about project. Prabu told today so only pa dont mistake me..
Feb  <;#>;  is I LOVE U"" day. Send dis to all ur ""VALUED FRNDS"" evn me. If 3 comes back u'll gt married d person u luv! If u ignore dis u will lose ur luv 4 Evr""
... Are you in the pub?
The word Checkmate"" in chess comes from the Persian phrase ""Shah Maat"" which means; ""the king is dead.."" Goodmorning.. Have a good day..:)""
U calling me right? Call my hand phone...
Yeah like if it goes like it did with my friends imma flip my shit in like half an hour
How is it possible to teach you. And where.
I am on the way to ur home
Just sleeping..and surfing
Thought we could go out for dinner. I'll treat you! Seem ok?
I got another job! The one at the hospital doing data analysis or something, starts on monday! Not sure when my thesis will got finished
How much it will cost approx . Per month.
will you like to be spoiled? :)
Blank is Blank. But wat is blank? Lol
Oh oh... Den muz change plan liao... Go back have to yan jiu again...
Or u ask they all if next sat can a not. If all of them can make it then i'm ok lor.
Do u noe wat time e place dat sells 4d closes?
Also remember to get dobby's bowl from your car
Imagine Life WITHOUT ME... see.. How fast u are searching me?Don't worry.. l'm always there To disturb U.. Goodnoon..:)
HELLO U.CALL WEN U FINISH WRK.I FANCY MEETIN UP WIV U ALL TONITE AS I NEED A BREAK FROM DABOOKS. DID 4 HRS LAST NITE+2 TODAY OF WRK!""""
And is there a way you can send shade's stuff to her. And she has been wonderful too.
S...i will take mokka players only:)
Your right! I'll make the appointment right now.
I'm at home. Please call
 dun need to pick ur gf?
Hi its in durban are you still on this number
Are you willing to go for aptitude class.
Me i'm not workin. Once i get job...
If india win or level series means this is record:)
Apps class varaya elaya.
Yo sorry was in the shower sup
Did u see what I posted on your Facebook?
i see. When we finish we have loads of loans to pay
7 lor... Change 2 suntec... Wat time u coming?
Haha mayb u're rite... U know me well. Da feeling of being liked by someone is gd lor. U faster go find one then all gals in our group attached liao.
;-( oh well, c u later
Even i cant close my eyes you are in me our vava playing umma :-D
Yup having my lunch buffet now.. U eat already?
K so am I, how much for an 8th? Fifty?
I will lick up every drop :) are you ready to use your mouth as well?
Ya but it cant display internal subs so i gotta extract them
My computer just fried the only essential part we don't keep spares of because my fucking idiot roommates looovvve leaving the thing running on full  <;#>; /7
Those were my exact intentions
Awesome, that gonna be soon or later tonight?
U sleeping now.. Or you going to take? Haha.. I got spys wat.. Me online checking n replying mails lor..
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
Ok lor...
I'm used to it. I just hope my agents don't drop me since i've only booked a few things this year. This whole me in boston, them in nyc was an experiment.
Nooooooo I'm gonna be bored to death all day. Cable and internet outage.
And several to you sir.
O we cant see if we can join denis and mina? Or does denis want alone time
Yeah, where's your class at?
Kallis is ready for bat in 2nd innings
I got arrested for possession at, I shit you not,  <;TIME>;  pm
Ok cool. See ya then.
Sez, hows u & de arab boy? Hope u r all good give my love 2 evry1 love ya eshxxxxxxxxxxx
Call me when u finish then i come n pick u.
I have had two more letters from . I will copy them for you cos one has a message for you. Speak soon
Ya had just now.onion roast.
Of course ! Don't tease me ... You know I simply must see ! *grins* ... Do keep me posted my prey ... *loving smile* *devouring kiss*
So is there anything specific I should be doing with regards to jaklin or what because idk what the fuck
Baaaaaaaabe! Wake up ! I miss you ! I crave you! I need you!
And I don't plan on staying the night but I prolly won't be back til late
It's ̩ only $140 ard... rest all ard $180 at least...Which is ̩ price 4 ̩ 2 bedrm ($900)
Will do. Was exhausted on train this morning. Too much wine and pie. You sleep well too
ALSO TELL HIM I SAID HAPPY BIRTHDAY
if you text on your way to cup stop that should work. And that should be BUS
I attended but nothing is there.
Ok
The evo. I just had to download flash. Jealous?
Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
Send me your resume:-)
As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
Don know:)this week i'm going to tirunelvai da.
And now electricity just went out fml.
I'm going 2 orchard now laready me reaching soon. U reaching?
Leave it wif me lar...  wan to carry meh so heavy... Is da num 98321561 familiar to _?
I not at home now lei...
Or I guess  <;#>;  min
Nite nite pocay wocay luv u more than n e thing 4eva I promise ring u 2morrowxxxx
Rose needs water, season needs change, poet needs imagination..My phone needs ur sms and i need ur lovely frndship forever....
I (Career Tel) have added u as a contact on INDYAROCKS.COM to send FREE SMS. To remove from phonebook - sms NO to  <;#>;
Ok omw now, you at castor?
C movie is juz last minute decision mah. Juz watch 2 lar but i tot _ not interested.
K...k...when will you give treat?
Prakesh is there know.
Mm i had my food da from out
Wat r u doing?
I want to see your pretty pussy...
hope things went well at 'doctors' ;) reminds me i still need 2go.did u c d little thing i left in the lounge?
Thanks honey. Have a great day.
Was gr8 to see that message. So when r u leaving? Congrats dear. What school and wat r ur plans.
Ugh hopefully the asus ppl dont randomly do a reformat.
Huh so slow i tot u reach long ago liao... U 2 more days only i 4 more leh...
Do u knw dis no. <;#>; ?
So what about you. What do you remember
Good afternoon sexy buns! How goes the job search ? I wake and you are my first thought as always, my love. I wish your fine and happy and know I adore you!
HI BABE IM AT HOME NOW WANNA DO SOMETHING? XX
Although i told u dat i'm into baig face watches now but i really like e watch u gave cos it's fr u. Thanx 4 everything dat u've done today, i'm touched...
Your account has been refilled successfully by INR  <;DECIMAL>; . Your KeralaCircle prepaid account balance is Rs  <;DECIMAL>; . Your Transaction ID is KR <;#>; .
Near kalainar tv office.thenampet
Dad went out oredi... 
And that's fine, I got enough bud to last most of the night at least
Theyre doing it to lots of places. Only hospitals and medical places are safe.
When u love someone Dont make them to love u as much as u do. But Love them so much that they dont want to be loved by anyone except you... Gud nit.
You know there is. I shall speak to you in  <;#>;  minutes then
K... Must book a not huh? so going for yoga basic on sunday?
Midnight at the earliest
Please reserve ticket on saturday eve from chennai to thirunelvali and again from tirunelvali to chennai on sunday eve...i already see in net..no ticket available..i want to book ticket through tackle ..
Maybe you should find something else to do instead???
Usf I guess, might as well take 1 car
Sorry, it's a lot of friend-of-a-friend stuff, I'm just now about to talk to the actual guy who wants to buy
Hey morning what you come to ask:-) pa...
I love you !!! You know? Can you feel it? Does it make your belly warm? I wish it does, my love ... I shall meet you in your dreams, Ahmad ... *adoring kiss*
That is wondarfull song
Sending you greetings of joy and happiness. Do have a gr8 evening
Its normally hot mail. Com you see!
Dont search love, let love find U. Thats why its called falling in love, bcoz U dont force yourself, U just fall and U know there is smeone to hold U... BSLVYL
Dhoni have luck to win some big title.so we will win:)
That's the trouble with classes that go well - you're due a dodgey one _ Expecting mine tomo! See you for recovery, same time, same place 
Those ducking chinchillas
She's borderline but yeah whatever.
Don't look back at the building because you have no coat and i don't want you to get more sick. Just hurry home and wear a coat to the gym!!!
We are both fine. Thanks
Ok how you dear. Did you call chechi
V nice! Off 2 sheffield tom 2 air my opinions on categories 2 b used 2 measure ethnicity in next census. Busy transcribing. :-)
Dont think you need yellow card for uk travel. Ask someone that has gone before. If you do its just  <;#>; bucks
Oh k. . I will come tomorrow
Boooo you always work. Just quit.
Oops i thk i dun haf enuff... I go check then tell _..
Just got to  <;#>;
K. I will sent it again
Cancel cheyyamo?and get some money back?
I went to project centre
Dunno, my dad said he coming home 2 bring us out 4 lunch. Yup i go w u lor. I call u when i reach school lor...
But i dint slept in afternoon.
Ryder unsold.now gibbs.
Wait that's still not all that clear, were you not sure about me being sarcastic or that that's why x doesn't want to live with us
Yeah hopefully, if tyler can't do it I could maybe ask around a bit
Hey babe, sorry i didn't get sooner. Gary can come and fix it cause he thinks he knows what it is but he doesn't go as far a Ptbo and he says it will cost  <;#>;  bucks. I don't know if it might be cheaper to find someone there ? We don't have any second hand machines at all right now, let me know what you want to do babe
Aight will do, thanks again for comin out
Aight text me when you're back at mu and I'll swing by, need somebody to get the door for me
S now only i took tablets . Reaction morning only.
Get ready for  <;#>;  inches of pleasure...
Ok, be careful ! Don't text and drive !
Shall i send that exe to your mail id.
U sure u can't take any sick time?
Hey pple...$700 or $900 for 5 nights...Excellent location wif breakfast hamper!!!
Had the money issue weigh me down but thanks to you, I can breathe easier now. I.ll make sure you dont regret it. Thanks.
Sounds like a plan! Cardiff is still here and still cold! I'm sitting on the radiator!
I will be outside office take all from there
K. Did you call me just now ah? 
Dear where you will be when i reach there
Great. Hope you are using your connections from mode men also cos you can never know why old friends can lead you to today
Nothing much, chillin at home. Any super bowl plan?
Oh sorry please its over
How i noe... Did _ specify da domain as nusstu...  still in sch...
In case you wake up wondering where I am, I forgot I have to take care of something for grandma today, should be done before the parade
Okies... I'll go yan jiu too... We can skip ard oso, go cine den go mrt one, blah blah blah... 
Can not use foreign stamps in this country. Good lecture .
Haven't eaten all day. I'm sitting here staring at this juicy pizza and I can't eat it. These meds are ruining my life.
Discussed with your mother ah?
Ok lor... Or u wan me go look 4 u?
Miles and smiles r made frm same letters but do u know d difference..? smile on ur face keeps me happy even though I am miles away from u.. :-)keep smiling.. Good nyt
They are just making it easy to pay back. I have  <;#>; yrs to say but i can pay back earlier. You get?
K.i did't see you.:)k:)where are you now?
Im done. Just studyn in library
No. She's currently in scotland for that.
I know you are serving. I mean what are you doing now.
Yup but not studying surfing lor. I'm in e lazy mode today.
Hmm...Bad news...Hype park plaza $700 studio taken...Only left 2 bedrm-$900...
Yup i'm elaborating on the safety aspects and some other issues..
Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
Get ready to put on your excellent sub face :)
There are some nice pubs near here or there is Frankie n Bennys near the warner cinema?
Thanx 4 sending me home...
If i let you do this, i want you in the house by 8am.
Meeting u is my work. . . Tel me when shall i do my work tomorrow
Ever green quote ever told by Jerry in cartoon A Person Who Irritates u Always Is the one Who Loves u Vry Much But Fails to Express It...!..!! :-) :-) gud nyt""
Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  <;DECIMAL>; . <;#>;  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant.
Me also da, i feel yesterday night  wait til 2day night dear.
K, wen ur free come to my home and also tel vikky i hav sent mail to him also.. Better come evening il be free today aftr 6pm..:-)
Din i tell u jus now 420
I know you are. Can you pls open the back?
My uncles in Atlanta. Wish you guys a great semester.
Hello-/@drivby-:0quit edrunk sorry iff pthis makes no senrd-dnot no how ^ dancce 2 drum n basq!ihave fun 2nhite x ros xxxxxxx""""
As per your request 'Maangalyam (Alaipayuthe)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
Nope i'll come online now..
Sorry, left phone upstairs. OK, might be hectic but would be all my birds with one fell swoop. It's a date.
Yar but they say got some error.
Oh ok.. Wat's ur email?
Honestly i've just made a lovely cup of tea and promptly dropped my keys in it and then burnt my fingers getting them out!
Ever green quote ever told by Jerry in cartoon A Person Who Irritates u Always Is the one Who Loves u Vry Much But Fails to Express It...!..!! :-) :-) gud nyt""
I need... Coz i never go before 
Think i might have to give it a miss. Am teaching til twelve, then have lecture at two. Damn this working thing.
What time you think you'll have it? Need to know when I should be near campus
Sorry that was my uncle. I.ll keep in touch
Anything lar...
I always chat with you. In fact i need money can you raise me?
I REALLY NEED 2 KISS U I MISS U MY BABY FROM UR BABY 4EVA
Especially since i talk about boston all up in my personal statement, lol! I woulda changed that if i had realized it said nyc! It says boston now.
Sounds like there could be a lot of time spent in that chastity device boy ... *grins* ... Or take your beatings like a good dog. Going to lounge in a nice long bath now ?
Hurry up, I've been weed-deficient for like three days
That's good, because I need drugs
Can you do a mag meeting this avo at some point?
Actually fuck that, just do whatever, do find an excuse to be in tampa at some point before january though
I didn't get the second half of that message
Yeah he got in at 2 and was v apologetic. n had fallen out and she was actin like spoilt child and he got caught up in that. Till 2! But we won't go there! Not doing too badly cheers. You? 
You still around? Looking to pick up later
wow. You're right! I didn't mean to do that. I guess once i gave up on boston men and changed my search location to nyc, something changed. Cuz on my signin page it still says boston.
Honeybee Said: *I'm d Sweetest in d World* God Laughed &amp; Said: *Wait,U Havnt Met d Person Reading This Msg* MORAL: Even GOD Can Crack Jokes! GM+GN+GE+GN:)
Just hopeing that wasnt too pissed up to remember and has gone off to his sisters or something!
This weekend is fine (an excuse not to do too much decorating)
Umma my life and vava umma love you lot dear
K, I'll work something out
Ok then i will come to ur home after half an hour
Ok thanx...
Whatever, juliana. Do whatever you want.
Idk. I'm sitting here in a stop and shop parking lot right now bawling my eyes out because i feel like i'm a failure in everything. Nobody wants me and now i feel like i'm failing you.
He fucking chickened out. He messaged me he would be late and woould buzz me and then I didn't hear a word from him
Yeah jay's sort of a fucking retard
I wan but too early lei... Me outside now wun b home so early... Neva mind then...
Did you catch the bus ? Are you frying an egg ? Did you make a tea? Are you eating your mom's left over dinner ? Do you feel my Love ?
Dont worry, 1 day very big lambu ji vl come..til then enjoy batchlor party:-)
I pocked you up there before
We'll join the  <;#>;  bus
If you don't respond imma assume you're still asleep and imma start calling n shit
Is there coming friday is leave for pongal?do you get any news from your work place.
What i mean was i left too early to check, cos i'm working a 9-6.
Hmm ok, i'll stay for like an hour cos my eye is really sore!
Ha! I wouldn't say that I just didn't read anything into way u seemed. I don't like 2 be judgemental....i save that for fridays in the pub!
Not thought bout it... || Drink in tap & spile at seven. || Is that pub on gas st off broad st by canal. || Ok?
Rofl. Its true to its name
Chk in ur belovd ms dict
She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife,
Carlos is taking his sweet time as usual so let me know when you and patty are done/want to smoke and I'll tell him to haul ass
Tell them the drug dealer's getting impatient
Yeah, don't go to bed, I'll be back before midnight
Motivate Behind every darkness, there is a shining light waiting for you to find it... Behind every best friend, there is always trust and love... BSLVYL
Hi dear we saw dear. We both are happy. Where you my battery is low
U don't remember that old commercial?
Hey there! Glad u r better now. I hear u treated urself to a digi cam, is it good? We r off at 9pm. Have a fab new year, c u in coupla wks!
She's good. How are you. Where r u working now
Nothing will ever be easy. But don't be looking for a reason not to take a risk on life and love
No, I was trying it all weekend ;V
Yeah do! Dont stand to close tho- youll catch something!
You didnt complete your gist oh.
At 7 we will go ok na.
That one week leave i put know that time. Why.
Could you not read me, my Love ? I answered you
Tomarrow final hearing on my laptop case so i cant.
Y she dun believe leh? I tot i told her it's true already. I thk she muz c us tog then she believe.
R _ comin back for dinner?
 give me some time to walk there.
Yes I started to send requests to make it but pain came back so I'm back in bed. Double coins at the factory too. I gotta cash in all my nitros.
I have to take exam with march 3
Nite...
Ok lor.
Wat r u doing now?
Yes. Rent is very expensive so its the way we save.
All will come alive.better correct any good looking figure there itself..
Wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
Watching tv lor...
Ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday
Life style garments account no please.
I come n pick _ up... Come out immediately aft ur lesson...
G wants to know where the fuck you are
So what do you guys do.
In sch but neva mind u eat 1st lor..
Did he just say somebody is named tampa
Hey cutie. How goes it? Here in WALES its kinda ok. There is like hills and shit but i still avent killed myself. 
Yo dude guess who just got arrested the other day
Hiya. How was last night? I've been naughty and bought myself clothes and very little ... Ready for more shopping tho! What kind of time do you wanna meet?
Oh god. I'm gonna Google nearby cliffs now.
Oh that was a forwarded message. I thought you send that to me
He's an adult and would learn from the experience. There's no real danger. I just dont like peeps using drugs they dont need. But no comment
Once free call me sir.
Sorry, I'll call you  later. I am in meeting sir.
Nah dub but je still buff
U should make a fb list
Hi. Hope ur day * good! Back from walk, table booked for half eight. Let me know when ur coming over.
K actually can you guys meet me at the sunoco on howard? It should be right on the way
Any pain on urination any thing else?
Two fundamentals of cool life: Walk," like you are the KING""...! OR ""Walk like you Dont care","whoever is the KING""!... Gud nyt
Hello, yeah i've just got out of the bath and need to do my hair so i'll come up when i'm done, yeah?
Me fine..absolutly fine
Wish u many many returns of the day.. Happy birthday vikky..
Ee msg na poortiyagi odalebeku: Hanumanji 7 name 1-Hanuman 2-Bajarangabali 3-Maruti 4-Pavanaputra 5-Sankatmochan 6-Ramaduth 7-Mahaveer ee 7 name  <;#>;  janarige ivatte kalisidare next saturday olage ondu good news keluviri...! Maretare inde 1 dodda problum nalli siguviri idu matra  <;#>; % true.. Don't neglet.
K.k:)advance happy pongal.
Got ur mail Dileep.thank you so muchand look forward to lots of support...very less contacts here,remember one venugopal you mentioned.tomorrow if not late,i shall try to come up till there.goodnight dear.
Please protect yourself from e-threats. SIB never asks for sensitive information like Passwords,ATM/SMS PIN thru email. Never share your password with anybody.
Are you coming to day for class.
K, text me when you're on the way
Hey what happen de. Are you alright.
Yeah I don't see why not
 dun wan to watch infernal affair?
Ok. I.ll do you right later.
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
Anything...
its cool but tyler had to take off so we're gonna buy for him and drop it off at his place later tonight. Our total order is a quarter, you got enough?
Thats cool princess! I will cover your face in hot sticky cum :)
Love you aathi..love u lot..
Where is it. Is there any opening for mca.
Wah... Okie okie... Muz make use of e unlimited... Haha... 
Oh:)as usual vijay film or its different?
ALRITE HUNNY!WOT U UP 2 2NITE? DIDNT END UP GOIN DOWN TOWN JUS DA PUB INSTEAD! JUS CHILLIN AT DA MO IN ME BEDROOM!LOVE JEN XXX.""""
I can't, I don't have her number!
get ready to moan and scream :)
Hi hope u r both ok, he said he would text and he hasn't, have u seen him, let me down gently please 
Dont think so. It turns off like randomlly within 5min of opening
Ok... Sweet dreams...
Already am squatting is the new way of walking
Short But Cute: Be a good person," but dont try to prove it.."" .Gud noon...."
I'll meet you in the lobby
Book which lesson? then you msg me... I will call up after work or sth... I'm going to get specs. My membership is PX3748
Haha awesome, be there in a minute
Great comedy..cant stop laughing da:)
No da. . Vijay going to talk in jaya tv
Go until jurong point, crazy.. Available only in bugis n great world la e buffet... Cine there got amore wat...
A Boy loved a gal. He propsd bt she didnt mind. He gv lv lttrs, Bt her frnds threw thm. Again d boy decided 2 aproach d gal , dt time a truck was speeding towards d gal. Wn it was about 2 hit d girl,d boy ran like hell n saved her. She asked 'hw cn u run so fast?' D boy replied Boost is d secret of my energy"" n instantly d girl shouted ""our energy"" n Thy lived happily 2gthr drinking boost evrydy Moral of d story:- I hv free msgs:D;): gud ni8""
From tomorrow onwards eve 6 to 3 work.
Oh ok no prob..
How much for an eighth?
Well, i'm gonna finish my bath now. Have a good...fine night.
Where's mummy's boy ? Is he being good or bad ? Is he being positive or negative ? Why is mummy being made to wait? Hmmmm?
My love ! How come it took you so long to leave for Zaher's? I got your words on ym and was happy to see them but was sad you had left. I miss you
How are you. Just checking up on you
TODAY is Sorry day.! If ever i was angry with you, if ever i misbehaved or hurt you? plz plz JUST SLAP URSELF Bcoz, Its ur fault, I'm basically GOOD
You have to pls make a note of all she.s exposed to. Also find out from her school if anyone else was vomiting. Is there a dog or cat in the house? Let me know later.
At home watching tv lor.
_ we r stayin here an extra week, back next wed. How did we do in the rugby this weekend? Hi to and and , c u soon 
Nope. Since ayo travelled, he has forgotten his guy
Can you just come in for a sec? There's somebody here I want you to see
I am in hospital da. . I will return home in evening
I don't quite know what to do. I still can't get hold of anyone. I cud pick you up bout 7.30pm and we can see if they're in the pub?
I'm reading the text i just sent you. Its meant to be a joke. So read it in that light
Have you started in skye
JADE ITS PAUL. Y DIDNT U TXT ME? DO U REMEMBER ME FROM BARMED? I WANT 2 TALK 2 U! TXT ME
There the size of elephant tablets & u shove um up ur ass!!
Ok anyway no need to change with what you said
Ok i am on the way to railway
You can jot down things you want to remember later.
Even u dont get in trouble while convincing..just tel him once or twice and just tel neglect his msgs dont c and read it..just dont reply
Are you the cutest girl in the world or what
Yeh. Indians was nice. Tho it did kane me off a bit he he. We shud go out 4 a drink sometime soon. Mite hav 2 go 2 da works 4 a laugh soon. Love Pete x x
Hey are you angry with me. Reply me dr.
Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
Is there a reason we've not spoken this year? Anyways have a great week and all the best in your exam
What makes you most happy?
Do you hide anythiing or keeping distance from me
LOL .. *grins* .. I'm not babe, but thanks for thinking of me!
Ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday
HCL chennai requires FRESHERS for voice process.Excellent english needed.Salary upto  <;#>; .Call Ms.Suman  <;#>;  for Telephonic interview -via Indyarocks.com
I'm glad. You are following your dreams.
Great! So what attracts you to the brothas?
Si si. I think ill go make those oreo truffles.
Depends on individual lor e hair dresser say pretty but my parents say look gong. U kaypoh.. I also dunno wat she collecting.
Thats cool. I want to please you...
Oh :-)only 4 outside players allowed to play know
I didnt get ur full msg..sometext is missing, send it again
Well if I'm that desperate I'll just call armand again
Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  <;DECIMAL>; . <;#>;  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant.
What is important is that you prevent dehydration by giving her enough fluids
Today am going to college so am not able to atten the class.
Sorry, I'll call later
For my family happiness..
 <;#>;  in mca. But not conform.
Dont you have message offer
Spoke with uncle john today. He strongly feels that you need to sacrifice to keep me here. He's going to call you. When he does, i beg you to just listen. Dont make any promises or make it clear things are not easy. And i need you to please let us work things out. As long as i keep expecting help, my creativity will be stifled so pls just keep him happy, no promises on your part.
Sorry that took so long, omw now
Are you this much buzy
Okay lor... Will they still let us go a not ah? Coz they will not know until later. We drop our cards into the box right?
Shall call now dear having food
Was playng 9 doors game and gt racing on phone lol
U so lousy, run already come back then half dead... Hee...
How did you find out in a way that didn't include all of these details
Yes baby! We can study all the positions of the kama sutra ;)
You are right though. I can't give you the space you want and need. This is really starting to become an issue. I was going to suggest setting a definite move out--if i'm still there-- after greece. But maybe you are ready and should do it now.
I'm home. Doc gave me pain meds says everything is fine.
 takin linear algebra today?
Greetings me, ! Consider yourself excused.
Oh really?? Did you make it on air? What's your talent?
Convey my regards to him
Just seeing your missed call my dear brother. Do have a gr8 day.
This is ur face test ( 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9  <;#>;  ) select any number i will tell ur face astrology.... am waiting. quick reply...
I'm back, lemme know when you're ready
Y _ wan to go there? C doctor?
Our ride equally uneventful - not too many of those pesky cyclists around at that time of night ;).
How are you holding up?
Just taste fish curry :-P
Lol or I could just starve and lose a pound by the end of the day.
Goodnight, sleep well da please take care pa. Please.
Oh, my love, it's soooo good to hear from you. Omg I missed you so much today. I'm sorry your having problems with the provider but thank you for tming me
Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.."" GOOD NIGHT""
K I'm ready,  <;#>; ?
Havent mus ask if u can 1st wat. Of meet 4 lunch den u n him meet can already lor. Or u wan 2 go ask da ge 1st then confirm w me asap?
May i call You later Pls
I think the other two still need to get cash but we can def be ready by 9
Love it! The girls at the office may wonder why you are smiling but sore...
somewhere out there beneath the pale moon light someone think in of u some where out there where dreams come true... goodnite &amp; sweet dreams
Gud gud..k, chikku tke care.. sleep well gud nyt
Can _ send me a copy of da report?
We left already we at orchard now.
Happy birthday... May u find ur prince charming soon n dun work too hard...
O was not into fps then.
No da. . Vijay going to talk in jaya tv
Nt yet chikku..simple habba..hw abt u?
I'm home...
Ive got some salt, you can rub it in my open wounds if you like!
Dad says hurry the hell up
I'll get there at 3, unless you guys want me to come some time sooner
Where are you lover ? I need you ...
SHIT BABE.. THASA BIT MESSED UP.YEH, SHE SHUDVETOLD U. DID URGRAN KNOW?NEWAY," ILLSPEAK 2 U2MORO WEN IM NOT ASLEEP...""
My tuition is at 330. Hm we go for the 1120 to 1205 one? Do you mind?
Right it wasnt you who phoned it was someone with a number like yours!
Dear,Me at cherthala.in case u r coming cochin pls call bfore u start.i shall also reach accordingly.or tell me which day u r coming.tmorow i am engaged ans its holiday.
o turns out i had stereo love on mi phone under the unknown album.
I can't believe how attached I am to seeing you every day. I know you will do the best you can to get to me babe. I will go to teach my class at your midnight
Ok try to do week end course in coimbatore.
How is your schedule next week? I am out of town this weekend.
Tired. I haven't slept well the past few nights.
I prefer my free days... Tues, wed, fri oso can...  ask those workin lor...
Aight well keep me informed
it's still not working. And this time i also tried adding zeros. That was the savings. The checking is  <;#>; 
I'm good. Have you registered to vote?
What pa tell me.. I went to bath:-)
Ya even those cookies have jelly on them
Yeah, in fact he just asked if we needed anything like an hour ago. When and how much?
Sorry,in meeting I'll call later
Ok... Help me ask if she's working tmr a not?
Really? I crashed out cuddled on my sofa.
Oh! Shit, I thought that was your trip! Loooooool ... That just makes SO much more sense now ... *grins* and the sofa reference was ... The sleep on a couch"" link you sent me ... Wasn't that how you went on your trip ? Oh ... And didn't your babe go with you for that celebration with your rents?""
Hi this is yijue... It's regarding the 3230 textbook it's intro to algorithms second edition... I'm selling it for $50...
Me hungry buy some food good lei... But mum n yun dun wan juz buy a little bit... 
Or _ go buy wif him then i meet _ later can?
Can you please ask macho what his price range is, does he want something new or used plus it he only interfued in the blackberry bold  <;#>;  or any bb
Good evening! this is roger. How are you?
Ill call u 2mrw at ninish, with my address that icky American freek wont stop callin me 2 bad Jen k eh?
Hello hun how ru? Its here by the way. Im good. Been on 2 dates with that guy i met in walkabout so far. We have to meet up soon. Hows everyone else?
I'm done oredi...
Shuhui has bought ron's present it's a swatch watch...
I liked your new house
Sorry pa, i dont knw who ru pa?
Where to get those?
Ummma.will call after check in.our life will begin from qatar so pls pray very hard.
Just normal only here :)
You will be in the place of that man
We are at grandmas. Oh dear, u still ill? I felt Shit this morning but i think i am just hungover! Another night then. We leave on sat.
If u sending her home first it's ok lor. I'm not ready yet.
You have registered Sinco as Payee. Log in at icicibank.com and enter URN  <;#>;  to confirm. Beware of frauds. Do NOT share or disclose URN to anyone.
K..i deleted my contact that why?
U attend ur driving lesson how many times a wk n which day?
I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
Gain the rights of a wife.dont demand it.i am trying as husband too.Lets see
Hmmm.. Thk sure got time to hop ard... Ya, can go 4 free abt... Muz call u to discuss liao... 
I'm coming back on Thursday. Yay. Is it gonna be ok to get the money. Cheers. Oh yeah and how are you. Everything alright. Hows school. Or do you call it work now
Then its most likely called Mittelschmertz. Google it. If you dont have paracetamol dont worry it will go.
Are you being good, baby? :)
Jus finish my lunch on my way home lor... I tot u dun wan 2 stay in sch today...
Have a safe trip to Nigeria. Wish you happiness and very soon company to share moments with
it's really getting me down just hanging around.
Ok that's great thanx a lot.
 no home work to do meh... 
THATS ALRITE GIRL, U KNOW GAIL IS NEVA WRONG!!TAKE CARE SWEET AND DONT WORRY.C U L8TR HUN!LOVE Yaxxx
Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
Oh thanks a lot..i already bought 2 eggs ..
Jay wants to work out first, how's 4 sound?
Hello boytoy ! Geeee ... I'm missing you today. I like to send you a tm and remind you I'm thinking of you ... And you are loved ... *loving kiss*
How much would it cost to hire a hitman
Can i meet _ at 5.. As 4 where depends on where _ wan 2 in lor..
Hurt me... Tease me... Make me cry... But in the end of my life when i die plz keep one rose on my grave and say STUPID I MISS U.. HAVE A NICE DAY BSLVYL
, how's things? Just a quick question.
So your telling me I coulda been your real Valentine and I wasn't? U never pick me for NOTHING!!
Multiply the numbers independently and count decimal points then, for the division, push the decimal places like i showed you.
Okie
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart....gn tc
Good afternon, my love. How are today? I hope your good and maybe have some interviews. I wake and miss you babe. A passionate kiss from across the sea
There r many model..sony ericson also der.. <;#>; ..it luks good bt i forgot modl no
K.:)do it at evening da:)urgent:)
What time do u get out?
U in town alone?
Leave it. U will always be ignorant.
So i could kiss and feel you next to me...
Mmmm.... I cant wait to lick it!
Sir, i am waiting for your call, once free please call me.
I bought the test yesterday. Its something that lets you know the exact day u ovulate.when will get 2u in about 2 to 3wks. But pls pls dont fret. I know u r worried. Pls relax. Also is there anything in ur past history u need to tell me?
Cool, I'll text you when I'm on the way
Sorry * was at the grocers.
idc get over here, you are not weaseling your way out of this shit twice in a row
IM GONNAMISSU SO MUCH!!I WOULD SAY IL SEND U A POSTCARD BUTTHERES ABOUTAS MUCH CHANCE OF MEREMEMBERIN ASTHERE IS OFSI NOT BREAKIN HIS CONTRACT!! LUV Yaxx
Staff of placement training in Amrita college.
Can meh? Thgt some will clash... Really ah, i dun mind... I dun seen to have lost any weight... Gee...
K..give back my thanks.
Poyyarikatur,kolathupalayam,unjalur post,erode dis, <;#>; .
Ok. Not much to do here though. H&M Friday, cant wait. Dunno wot the hell im gonna do for another 3 weeks! Become a slob- oh wait, already done that! 
I'll let you know when it kicks in
I also thk too fast... Xy suggest one not me. U dun wan it's ok. Going 2 rain leh where got gd.
Y de asking like this.
Yeah, I'll leave in a couple minutes &amp; let you know when I get to mu
You should get more chicken broth if you want ramen unless there's some I don't know about
Every King Was Once A Crying Baby And Every Great Building Was Once A Map.. Not Imprtant Where U r TODAY, BUT Where U Wil Reach TOMORW. Gud ni8
There generally isn't one. It's an uncountable noun - u in the dictionary. pieces of research?
Have a lovely night and when you wake up to see this message, i hope you smile knowing all is as should be. Have a great morning
ME 2 BABE I FEEL THE SAME LETS JUST 4GET ABOUT IT+BOTH TRY +CHEER UP+NOT FIT SOO MUCHXXLOVE U LOCAXX""""
Cool, we shall go and see, have to go to tip anyway. Are you at home, got something to drop in later? So lets go to town tonight! Maybe mum can take us in.
Are you free now?can i call now?
No we put party 7 days a week and study lightly, I think we need to draw in some custom checkboxes so they know we're hardcore
Lol alright i was thinkin that too haha
Aiyar u so poor thing... I give u my support k... Jia you! I'll think of u...
Have you always been saying welp?
How long before you get reply, just defer admission til next semester
How's it going? Got any exciting karaoke type activities planned? I'm debating whether to play football this eve. Feeling lazy though.
Many times we lose our best ones bcoz we are 
Que pases un buen tiempo or something like that
Is ur lecture over?
Only if you promise your getting out as SOON as you can. And you'll text me in the morning to let me know you made it in ok.
Havent stuck at orchard in my dad's car. Going 4 dinner now. U leh? So r they free tonight?
I had been hoping i would not have to send you this message. My rent is due and i dont have enough for it. My reserves are completely gone. Its a loan i need and was hoping you could her. The balance is  <;#>; . Is there a way i could get that from you, till mid march when i hope to pay back.
1 in cbe. 2 in chennai.
Awesome, I remember the last time we got somebody high for the first time with diesel :V
I came hostel. I m going to sleep. Plz call me up before class. Hrishi.
Went to pay rent. So i had to go to the bank to authorise the payment.
Yup ok thanx...
Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
 and  picking them up from various points
I dont know exactly could you ask chechi.
He said i look pretty wif long hair wat. But i thk he's cutting quite short 4 me leh.
Try neva mate!!
Buy one egg for me da..please:)
7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st Ur Lovely Friendship""... good morning dear""
Then why no one talking to me
jay says he'll put in  <;#>;
Height of Confidence: All the Aeronautics professors wer calld &amp; they wer askd 2 sit in an aeroplane. Aftr they sat they wer told dat the plane ws made by their students. Dey all hurried out of d plane.. Bt only 1 didnt move... He said:if it is made by my students,"this wont even start........ Datz confidence.."
Anything lor. Juz both of us lor.
I don't know but I'm raping dudes at poker
Leave it de:-). Start Prepare for next:-)..
Talk With Yourself Atleast Once In A Day...!!! Otherwise You Will Miss Your Best FRIEND In This WORLD...!!! -Shakespeare- SHESIL  <;#>;
How would my ip address test that considering my computer isn't a minecraft server
I need you to be in my strong arms...
Sure, if I get an acknowledgement from you that it's astoundingly tactless and generally faggy to demand a blood oath fo
Thank you baby! I cant wait to taste the real thing...
Babe ! How goes that day ? What are you doing ? Where are you ? I sip my cappuccino and think of you, my love ... I send a kiss to you from across the sea
Stop knowing me so well!
I can probably come by, everybody's done around  <;#>;  right?
Got c... I lazy to type... I forgot _ in lect... I saw a pouch but like not v nice...
Am going to take bath ill place the key in window:-)
S but mostly not like that.
Haha awesome, omw back now then
Oh unintentionally not bad timing. Great. Fingers  the trains play along! Will give fifteen min warning.
Lol yep did that yesterday. Already got my fireplace. Now its just another icon sitting there for me.
:) 
Hey happy birthday...
I will cme i want to go to hos 2morow. After that i wil cme. This what i got from her dear what to do. She didnt say any time
HMM yeah if your not too grooved out! And im looking forward to my pound special :)
Sorry, I'll call later
At the funeral home with Audrey and dad
You tell what happen dont behave like this to me. Ok no need to say
I sent you  <;#>;  bucks
Oi when you gonna ring
That day _ say _ cut ur hair at paragon, is it called hair sense? Do _ noe how much is a hair cut? 
He is a womdarfull actor
She.s good. She was wondering if you wont say hi but she.s smiling now. So how are you coping with the long distance
Sorry light turned green, I meant another friend wanted  <;#>;  worth but he may not be around
U reach orchard already? U wan 2 go buy tickets first?
Hi its me you are probably having too much fun to get this message but i thought id txt u cos im bored! and james has been farting at me all night
Wat time do u wan 2 meet me later?
MY NEW YEARS EVE WAS OK. I WENT TO A PARTY WITH MY BOYFRIEND. WHO IS THIS SI THEN HEY
My supervisor find 4 me one lor i thk his students. I havent ask her yet. Tell u aft i ask her.
Both :) i shoot big loads so get ready!
Maybe?! Say hi to  and find out if  got his card. Great escape or wetherspoons? 
I am not having her number sir
Dear Sir,Salam Alaikkum.Pride and Pleasure meeting you today at the Tea Shop.We are pleased to send you our contact number at Qatar.Rakhesh an Indian.Pls save our Number.Respectful Regards.
Are you sure you don't mean get here," we made you hold all the weed"""
God bless.get good sleep my dear...i will pray!
Yup i'm still having coffee wif my frens... My fren drove she'll give me a lift...
hey, looks like I was wrong and one of the kappa guys numbers is still on my phone, if you want I can text him and see if he's around
Yes we are chatting too.
For you information, IKEA is spelled with all caps. That is not yelling. when you thought i had left you, you were sitting on the bed among the mess when i came in. i said we were going after you got home from class. please don't try and bullshit me. It makes me want to listen to you less.
Pansy! You've been living in a jungle for two years! Its my driving you should be more worried about!
Normally i use to drink more water daily:)
Ok. I only ask abt e movie. U wan ktv oso?
Sorry, I'll call later
Watching ajith film ah?
Ok set let u noe e details later...
Yar... I tot u knew dis would happen long ago already.
He also knows about lunch menu only da. . I know
Tension ah?what machi?any problem?
K then 2marrow are you coming to class.
excellent. I spent  <;#>;  years in the Air Force. Iraq and afghanistan. I am stable and honest. do you like traveling?
Sorry, I'll call later
Ok., is any problem to u frm him? Wats matter?
So u workin overtime nigpun?
Er, hello, things didnt quite go to plan  is limping slowly home followed by aa and with exhaust hanging off
Probably a couple hours tops
Great. P diddy is my neighbor and comes for toothpaste every morning
Tell me they're female :V how're you throwing in? We're deciding what all to get now
Hmmm ... And imagine after you've come home from that having to rub my feet, make me dinner and help me get ready for my date ! Are you sure your ready for that kind of life ?
One of best dialogue in cute reltnship..!! Wen i Die," Dont Come Near My Body..!! Bcoz My Hands May Not Come 2 Wipe Ur Tears Off That Time..!Gud ni8"
yay! finally lol. i missed our cinema trip last week :-(
My phone
U coming back 4 dinner rite? Dad ask me so i re confirm wif u...
Thank you. I like you as well...
Thought praps you meant another one. Goodo! I'll look tomorrow 
You best watch what you say cause I get drunk as a motherfucker
 comin to fetch us oredi...
I tot u outside cos darren say u come shopping. Of course we nice wat. We jus went sim lim look at mp3 player.
I'm fine. Hope you are also
sir, you will receive the account no another 1hr time. Sorry for the delay.
Still at west coast... Haiz... 'll take forever to come back...
Understand. his loss is my gain :) so do you work? School?
PICK UR FONE UP NOW U DUMB?
I think if he rule tamilnadu..then its very tough for our people.
Can _ call me at 10:10 to make sure dat i've woken up...
 all write or wat..
Nah, I'm a perpetual DD
Can you call me plz. Your number shows out of coveragd area. I have urgnt call in vasai &amp; have to reach before 4'o clock so call me plz
We can make a baby in yo tho
ALRITE
Oh ic. I thought you meant mary jane.
Play w computer? Aiyah i tok 2 u lor?
Message from . I am at Truro Hospital on ext. You can phone me here. as I have a phone by my side
Ok...
Yup i've finished c _ there...
Excellent, I'll see what riley's plans are
Yeah it's jus rite...
Tunde, how are you doing. This is just wishing you a great day. Abiola.
No let me do the math. Your not good at it.
I'm in chennai velachery:)
Lol I have to take it. member how I said my aunt flow didn't visit for 6 months? It's cause I developed ovarian cysts. Bc is the only way to shrink them.
Have a good evening! Ttyl
U repeat e instructions again. Wat's e road name of ur house?
Think + da. You wil do.
K:)k:)good:)study well.
Mm yes dear look how i am hugging you both. :-P
I don't think he has spatula hands!
She told to hr that he want posting in chennai:)because i'm working here:)
You want to go? 
I walked an hour 2 c u! doesnt that show I care y wont u believe im serious?
ARR birthday today:) i wish him to get more oscar.
You flippin your shit yet?
Yeah imma come over cause jay wants to do some drugs
Sorry,  in meeting I'll call you later
Hello baby, did you get back to your mom's ? Are you setting up the computer now ? Filling your belly ? How goes it loverboy ? I miss you already ... *sighs*
Just nw i came to hme da..
How's ur paper?
I've been barred from all B and Q stores for life!?This twat in orange dungerees came up to me and asked if I wanted decking? So I got the first punch in!!
You've always been the brainy one.
Please tell me you have some of that special stock you were talking about
So how are you really. What are you up to. How's the masters. And so on.
Sday only joined.so training we started today:)
Eh u remember how 2 spell his name... Yes i did. He v naughty make until i v wet.
Storming msg: Wen u lift d phne, u say HELLO"" Do u knw wt is d real meaning of HELLO?? . . . It's d name of a girl..! . . . Yes.. And u knw who is dat girl?? ""Margaret Hello"" She is d girlfrnd f Grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . Moral:One can 4get d name of a person"," bt not his girlfrnd... G o o d n i g h t . . .@"
Later i guess. I needa do mcat study too.
The world's most happiest frnds never have the same characters... Dey just have the best understanding of their differences...
Yes:)here tv is always available in work place..
How dare you change my ring
Wat time _ wan today?
Can you plz tell me the ans. BSLVYL sent via fullonsms.com
My uncles in Atlanta. Wish you guys a great semester.
Just arrived, see you in a couple days <;3
Good night my dear.. Sleepwell&amp;Take care
Great! How is the office today?
Ya ok, vikky vl c witin  <;#>; mins and il reply u..
What happened to our yo date?
We got a divorce. Lol. She.s here
Miss call miss call khelate kintu opponenter miss call dhorte lage. Thats d rule. One with great phone receiving quality wins.
Dis is yijue. I jus saw ur mail. In case huiming havent sent u my num. Dis is my num.
What can i do? Might accidant tookplace between somewhere ghodbandar rd. Traffic moves slovely. So plz slip &amp; don't worry.
Just come home. I don't want u to be miserable
Hi babe its me thanks for coming even though it didnt go that well!i just wanted my bed! Hope to see you soon love and kisses xxx
I wish! I don't think its gonna snow that much. But it will be more than those flurries we usually get that melt before they hit the ground. Eek! We haven't had snow since <;#>; before I was even born!
Kind of. Took it to garage. Centre part of exhaust needs replacing. Part ordered n taking it to be fixed tomo morning.
Good! No, dont need any receiptswell done! (_) Yes, please tell . Whats her number, i could ring her
Nvm take ur time.
Alright, we're all set here, text the man
Dad wanted to talk about the apartment so I got a late start, omw now
I guess it is useless calling u 4 something important.
Got smaller capacity one? Quite ex...
Annoying isn't it.
But if she.s drinkin i'm ok.
Omg it could snow here tonite!
Yes.mum lookin strong:)
Howz pain.it will come down today.do as i said ystrday.ice and medicine.
Sorry, I'll call later In meeting.
Hasn't that been the pattern recently crap weekends?
Dear,shall mail tonite.busy in the street,shall update you tonite.things are looking ok.varunnathu edukkukayee raksha ollu.but a good one in real sense.
I hate when she does this. She turns what should be a fun shopping trip into an annoying day of how everything would look in her house.
Nope... Think i will go for it on monday... Sorry i replied so late
He said that he had a right giggle when he saw u again! You would possibly be the first person2die from NVQ, but think how much you could for! 
I didnt get anything da
No da. I am happy that we sit together na
Ok but knackered. Just came home and went to sleep! Not good at this full time work lark.
i felt so...not any conveying reason.. Ese he... What about me?
Who were those people ? Were you in a tour ? I thought you were doing that sofa thing you sent me ? Your curious sugar
As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
Oh is it! Which brand?
Haha get used to driving to usf man, I know a lot of stoners
Hello! How's you and how did saturday go? I was just texting to see if you'd decided to do anything tomo. Not that i'm trying to invite myself or anything!
Yes. Please leave at  <;#>; . So that at  <;#>;  we can leave
No my mum went 2 dentist.
Friendship is not a game to play, It is not a word to say, It doesn't start on March and ends on May, It is tomorrow, yesterday, today and e
Lovely smell on this bus and it ain't tobacco... 
No. On the way home. So if not for the long dry spell the season would have been over
He's just gonna worry for nothing. And he won't give you money its no use.
Ok...
So lets make it saturday or monday as per convenience.
There are many company. Tell me the language.
Good morning pookie pie! Lol hope I didn't wake u up
It's ok i wun b angry. Msg u aft i come home tonight.
We have to pick rayan macleran there.
I'm aight. Wat's happening on your side.
Taka lor. Wat time u wan 2 come n look 4 us?
Ok lor. Msg me b4 u call.
Wa, ur openin sentence very formal... Anyway, i'm fine too, juz tt i'm eatin too much n puttin on weight...Haha... So anythin special happened?
It will stop on itself. I however suggest she stays with someone that will be able to give ors for every stool.
You're not sure that I'm not trying to make xavier smoke because I don't want to smoke after being told I smoke too much?
Pls pls find out from aunt nike.
Yeah sure I'll leave in a min
Yeah work is fine, started last week, all the same stuff as before, dull but easy and guys are fun!
Hello madam how are you ?
Damn, poor zac doesn't stand a chance
Po de :-):):-):-):-). No need job aha.
I can't make it tonight
Friends that u can stay on fb chat with
My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!
Ok lor wat time _ finish?
I've reached sch already...
Joy's father is John. Then John is the ____ of Joy's father. If u ans ths you hav  <;#>;  IQ. Tis s IAS question try to answer.
I'm putting it on now. It should be ready for  <;TIME>; 
BOO BABE! U ENJOYIN YOURJOB? U SEEMED 2 B GETTIN ON WELL HUNNY!HOPE URE OK?TAKE CARE & ILLSPEAK 2U SOONLOTS OF LOVEME XXXX.""""
Kinda. First one gets in at twelve! Aah. Speak tomo
Don't make life too stressfull.. Always find time to Laugh.. It may not add years to your Life! But surely adds more life to ur years!! Gud ni8..swt dreams..
I've reached already.
Lol, oh you got a friend for the dog ?
Ok no prob...
Me fine..absolutly fine
Ha... Then we must walk to everywhere... Cannot take tram. My cousin said can walk to vic market from our hotel 
So the sun is anti sleep medicine.
Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
Isn't frnd a necesity in life? imagine urself witout a frnd.. hw'd u feel at ur colleg? wat'll u do wth ur cell? wat abt functions? thnk abt events espe'll cared, missed &amp; irritated u? 4wrd it to all those dear-loving frnds wthout whom u cant live.. I jst did it.. Takecare..:) GOODMORNING
Shall i start from hear.
CAN I PLEASE COME UP NOW IMIN TOWN.DONTMATTER IF URGOIN OUTL8R,JUST REALLYNEED 2DOCD.PLEASE DONTPLEASE DONTIGNORE MYCALLS,"U NO THECD ISV.IMPORTANT TOME 4 2MORO""
And whenever you and i see we can still hook up too.
Have you bookedthe hut? And also your time off? How are you by the way?
Eat jap done oso aft ur lect wat...  got lect at 12 rite... 
Aah bless! How's your arm?
How are you. Its been ages. How's abj
Okie...
Pass dis to all ur contacts n see wat u get! Red;i'm in luv wid u. Blue;u put a smile on my face. Purple;u r realy hot. Pink;u r so swt. Orange;i thnk i lyk u. Green;i realy wana go out wid u. Yelow;i wnt u bck. Black;i'm jealous of u. Brown;i miss you Nw plz giv me one color
I get out of class in bsn in like  <;#>;  minutes, you know where advising is?
Do u hav any frnd by name ashwini in ur college?
I'm gonna rip out my uterus.
Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
I think we're going to finn's now, come
Just got outta class gonna go gym.
Not planned yet :)going to join company on jan 5 only.don know what will happen after that.
Hey gorgeous man. My work mobile number is. Have a good one babe. Squishy Mwahs.
Otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.."" GOODMORNING""
Can you do online transaction?
I am back. Bit long cos of accident on a30. Had to divert via wadebridge.I had a brilliant weekend thanks. Speak soon. Lots of love
Jane babes not goin 2 wrk, feel ill after lst nite. Foned in already cover 4 me chuck.:-)
So when do you wanna gym?
I;m reaching in another 2 stops.""""
When people see my msgs, They think Iam addicted to msging... They are wrong, Bcoz They don't know that Iam addicted to my sweet Friends..!! BSLVYL
Gal n boy walking in d park. gal-can i hold ur hand? boy-y? do u think i would run away? gal-no, jst wana c how it feels walking in heaven with an prince..GN:-)
Height of Oh shit....!!"" situation: A guy throws a luv letter on a gal but falls on her brothers head whos a gay",".;-):-D"
Hello, hello, hi lou sorry it took so long 2 reply- I left mobile at friends in Lancaster, just got it bak Neway im sorry I couldnt make ur bday 2 hun!
Anything lor but toa payoh got place 2 walk meh...
Yo, you gonna still be in stock tomorrow/today? I'm trying to get a dubsack
Only once then after ill obey all yours.
No probs hon! How u doinat the mo?
So many people seems to be special at first sight, But only very few will remain special to you till your last sight.. Maintain them till life ends.. Sh!jas
Lol u still feeling sick?
Well. Balls. Time to make calls
Hi darlin im on helens fone im gonna b up the princes 2 nite please come up tb love Kate
Oh and by the way you do have more food in your fridge! Want to go out for a meal tonight? 
say until like dat i dun buy ericsson oso cannot oredi lar...
You only hate me. You can call any but you didnt accept even a single call of mine. Or even you messaged
Tell dear what happen to you. Why you talking to me like an alian
Armand says get your ass over to epsilon
Customer place i will call you.
I'm still pretty weak today .. Bad day ?
oh ya... Got hip hop open. Haha i was thinking can go for jazz then zoom to cine... Actually tonight i'm free leh... And there's a kb lesson tonight
Carlos took a while (again), we leave in a minute
HI DARLIN HOW WAS WORK DID U GET INTO TROUBLE? IJUST TALKED TO YOUR MUM ALL MORNING! I HAD A REALLY GOOD TIME LAST NIGHT IM GOIN OUT SOON BUT CALL ME IF U CAN
Shant disturb u anymore... Jia you...
Nope... Juz off from work...
If You mean the website. Yes.
U horrible gal... U knew dat i was going out wif him yest n u still come n ask me...
Awesome, text me when you're restocked
The wine is flowing and i'm i have nevering..
Actually I decided I was too hungry so I haven't left yet :V
Take us out shopping and Mark will distract Isaiah.=D
Thk some of em find wtc too far... Weiyi not goin... E rest i dunno yet... R ur goin 4 dinner den i might b able to join...
It took Mr owl 3 licks
Now? I'm going out 4 dinner soon..
Better than bb. If he wont use it, his wife will or them doctor
Sorry, I'll call later in meeting any thing related to trade please call Arul. <;#>; 
Pls come quick cant bare this.
Lol yes. Our friendship is hanging on a thread cause u won't buy stuff.
What not under standing.
The 2 oz guy is being kinda flaky but one friend is interested in picking up $ <;#>;  worth tonight if possible
Fyi I'm taking a quick shower, be at epsilon in like  <;#>;  min
The monthly amount is not that terrible and you will not pay anything till 6months after finishing school.
I called but no one pick up e phone. I ask both of them already they said ok.
Forgot to tell _ smth.. Can _ like number the sections so that it's clearer..
We confirm eating at esplanade?
Hi Harish's rent has been transfred to ur Acnt.
Cause I'm not freaky lol
Did I forget to tell you ? I want you , I need you, I crave you ... But most of all ... I love you my sweet Arabian steed ... Mmmmmm ... Yummy
HI DARLIN I FINISH AT 3 DO U 1 2 PICK ME UP OR MEET ME? TEXT BACK ON THIS NUMBER LUV KATE XXX
Velly good, yes please!
Dunno he jus say go lido. Same time 930.
Okay. No no, just shining on. That was meant to be signing, but that sounds better.
For The First Time In The History 'Need' 'Comfort' And 'Luxury' Are Sold At Same Price In India..!! Onion-Rs. <;#>;  Petrol-Rs. <;#>;  Beer-Rs. <;#>;  SHESIL  <;#>;
K, jason says he's gonna be around so I'll be up there around  <;#>;
No she didnt. I will search online and let you know.
He says he'll give me a call when his friend's got the money but that he's definitely buying before the end of the week
But you were together so you should be thinkin about him
I place all ur points on e cultures module already.
No i'm not gonna be able to. || too late notice. || i'll be home in a few weeks anyway. || what are the plans
Ok lor...
naughty little thought: 'its better to flirt, flirt n flirt, rather than loving someone n gettin hurt, hurt n hurt...:-) Gud nyt
Stupid.its not possible
K tell me anything about you.
Jay's getting really impatient and belligerent
No need lar i go engin? Cos my sis at arts today...
WOT U UP 2 J?
hi baby im sat on the bloody bus at the mo and i wont be home until about 7:30 wanna do somethin later? call me later ortxt back jess xx
Just sent it. So what type of food do you like?
I'm coming home 4 dinner.
We're finally ready fyi
No shoot me. I'm in the docs waiting room. :/
'An Amazing Quote'' - Sometimes in life its difficult to decide whats wrong!! a lie that brings a smile or the truth that brings a tear....""""
Ok no prob
Have you seen who's back at Holby?!
Neither [in sterm voice] - i'm studying. All fine with me! Not sure the  thing will be resolved, tho. Anyway. Have a fab hols
This is my number by vivek..
Where do you need to go to get it?
How are you doing? Hope you've settled in for the new school year. Just wishin you a gr8 day
Eh sorry leh... I din c ur msg. Not sad already lar. Me watching tv now. U still in office?
Hi did u decide wot 2 get 4 his bday if not ill prob jus get him a voucher frm virgin or sumfing 
But my family not responding for anything. Now am in room not went to home for diwali but no one called me and why not coming. It makes me feel like died.
Fwiw the reason I'm only around when it's time to smoke is that because of gas I can only afford to be around when someone tells me to be and that apparently only happens when somebody wants to light up
Dont pack what you can buy at any store.like cereals. If you must pack food, pack gari or something 9ja that you will miss.
Ok i msg u b4 i leave my house.
Go fool dont cheat others ok
Done it but internet connection v slow and cant send it. Will try again later or first thing tomo.
Im sorry bout last nite it wasnt ur fault it was me, spouse it was pmt or sumthin! U 4give me? I think u shldxxxx
Petey boy whereare you me and all your friendsare in theKingshead come down if you canlove Nic""""
You available now? I'm like right around hillsborough &amp;  <;#>; th
Ok I'm gonna head up to usf in like fifteen minutes
Its good, we'll find a way
True. Its easier with her here.
Hows the pain dear?y r u smiling?
Water logging in desert. Geoenvironmental implications.
Not sure yet, still trying to get a hold of him
I know girls always safe and selfish know i got it pa. Thank you. good night.
Mmmmmmm *snuggles into you* ...*deep contented sigh* ... *whispers* ... I fucking love you so much I can barely stand it ...
Am surfing online store. For offers do you want to buy any thing.
Shall i come to get pickle
Unni thank you dear for the recharge..Rakhesh
K do I need a login or anything
Its ok., i just askd did u knw tht no?
 still attending da talks?
What time is ur flight tmr?
No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
No but the bluray player can
I'll probably be around mu a lot
Superb Thought- Be grateful that u dont have everything u want. That means u still have an opportunity to be happier tomorrow than u are today."":-)""
Hope you are having a great day.
Crucify is c not s. You should have told me earlier.
So dont use hook up any how
All done? All handed in? Celebrations in full swing yet?
Customer place i will call you
Yup song bro. No creative. Neva test quality. He said check review online.
And do you have any one that can teach me how to ship cars.
1's finish meeting call me.
Okay same with me. Well thanks for the clarification
Under the sea, there lays a rock. In the rock, there is an envelope. In the envelope, there is a paper. On the paper, there are 3 words... '
Darren was saying dat if u meeting da ge den we dun meet 4 dinner. Cos later u leave xy will feel awkward. Den u meet him 4 lunch lor.
Erutupalam thandiyachu
What's nannys address?
Be happy there. I will come after noon
From someone not to smoke when every time I've smoked in the last two weeks is because of you calling or texting me that you wanted to smoke
It's not that you make me cry. It's just that when all our stuff happens on top of everything else, it pushes me over the edge. You don't underdtand how often i cry over my sorry, sorry life.
So can collect ur laptop?
WHAT TIME U WRKIN?
Yes, princess. Are you going to make me moan?
If i said anything wrong sorry de:-)
Christmas is An occasion that is Celebrated as a Reflection of UR... Values..., Desires..., Affections...&amp; Traditions.... Have an ideal Christmas...
Wat makes u thk i'll fall down. But actually i thk i'm quite prone 2 falls. Lucky my dad at home i ask him come n fetch me already.
Dear we got  <;#>;  dollars hi hi
Y dun cut too short leh. U dun like ah? She failed. She's quite sad.
SERIOUSLY. TELL HER THOSE EXACT WORDS RIGHT NOW.
Hi ....My engagement has been fixd on  <;#>; th of next month. I know its really shocking bt....hmm njan vilikkam....t ws al of a sudn;-(.
Ok. Can be later showing around 8-8:30 if you want + cld have drink before. Wld prefer not to spend money on nosh if you don't mind, as doing that nxt wk.
Ranjith cal drpd Deeraj and deepak 5min hold
ER," ENJOYIN INDIANS AT THE MO..yeP. SaLL gOoD HehE ;> hows bout u shexy? Pete Xx"""
K k :-):-) then watch some films.
Jokin only lar... :-) depends on which phone my father can get lor...
Thank god they are in bed!
I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  <;#>; Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. <;#>; lacs..thats my prob
Sorry for the delay. Yes masters
True lov n care wil nevr go unrecognized. though somone often makes mistakes when valuing it. but they will definitly undrstnd once when they start missing it.
Ok... U enjoy ur shows...
am up to my eyes in philosophy
Just glad to be talking to you.
I don't run away frm u... I walk slowly &amp; it kills me that u don't care enough to stop me...
Nobody can decide where to eat and dad wants Chinese
Honey boo I'm missing u.
 said kiss, kiss, i can't do the sound effects! He is a gorgeous man isn't he! Kind of person who needs a smile to brighten his day! 
how tall are you princess?
Its ok, if anybody asks abt me, u tel them..:-P
Thank u. IT BETTER WORK OUT CAUSE I WILL FEEL USED OTHERWISE
Talk to g and x about that
What do you do, my dog ? Must I always wait till the end of your day to have word from you ? Did you run out of time on your cell already?
Pls send me a comprehensive mail about who i'm paying, when and how much.
I don,t think so. You don't need to be going out that late on a school night. ESPECIALLY when the one class you have is the one you missed last wednesday and probably failed a test in on friday
Asking do u knw them or nt? May be ur frnds or classmates?
The fact that you're cleaning shows you know why i'm upset. Your priority is constantly what i want to do,""" not ""what i need to do."""
No * am working on the ringing u thing but have whole houseful of screaming brats so * am pulling my hair out! Loving u
Good afternoon loverboy ! How goes you day ? Any luck come your way? I think of you, sweetie and send my love across the sea to make you smile and happy
Erm _ ill pick you up at about 6.45pm. That'll give enough time to get there, park and that.
I know I'm lacking on most of this particular dramastorm's details but for the most part I'm not worried about that
Now get step 2 outta the way. Congrats again.
Dear how you. Are you ok?
K come to nordstrom when you're done
Hey i will be really pretty late... You want to go for the lesson first? I will join you. I'm only reaching tp mrt
Cab is available.they pick up and drop at door steps.
Just got up. have to be out of the room very soon. _. i hadn't put the clocks back til at 8 i shouted at everyone to get up and then realised it was 7. wahay. another hour in bed.
Lol grr my mom is taking forever with my prescription. Pharmacy is like 2 minutes away. Ugh.
HAPPY NEW YEAR MY NO.1 MAN
Is that what time you want me to come?
Or better still can you catch her and let ask her if she can sell  <;#>;  for me.
Hmm... Dunno leh, mayb a bag 4 goigng out dat is not too small. Or jus anything except perfume, smth dat i can keep.
Well boy am I glad G wasted all night at applebees for nothing
I'm on the bus. Love you
Gudnite....tc...practice going on
Where are the garage keys? They aren't on the bookshelf
Hey loverboy! I love you !! I had to tell ... I look at your picture and ache to feel you between my legs ... Fuck I want you ... I need you ... I crave you .
What * u wearing?
You call him now ok i said call him
Have a nice day my dear.
Lol enjoy role playing much?
Waqt se pehle or naseeb se zyada kisi ko kuch nahi milta,Zindgi wo nahi he jo hum sochte hai Zindgi wo hai jo ham jeetey hai..........
Well at this right I'm gonna have to get up and check today's steam sales/pee so text me when you want me to come get you
I've sent _ my part..
No sir. That's why i had an 8-hr trip on the bus last week. Have another audition next wednesday but i think i might drive this time.
Tmrw. Im finishing 9 doors
U call me alter at 11 ok.
Ya, i'm referin to mei's ex wat... No ah, waitin 4 u to treat, somebody shld b rich liao...So gd, den u dun have to work frm tmr onwards...
Come to mu, we're sorting out our narcotics situation
I was gonna ask you lol but i think its at 7
Looks like you found something to do other than smoke, great job!
(I should add that I don't really care and if you can't I can at least get this dude to fuck off but hey, your money if you want it)
Sorry da thangam.it's my mistake.
Sorry. || mail? || 
There is os called ubandu which will run without installing in hard disk...you can use that os to copy the important files in system and give it to repair shop..
Hey chief, can you give me a bell when you get this. Need to talk to you about this royal visit on the 1st june. 
Nimbomsons. Yep phone knows that one. Obviously, cos thats a real word
....photoshop makes my computer shut down.
I do know what u mean,  is the king of not havin credit! I'm goin2bed now. Night night sweet! Only1more sleep! 
alright. Thanks for the advice. Enjoy your night out. I'ma try to get some sleep...
I'm working technical support :)voice process.networking field.
Sorry, I'll call later
Daddy, shu shu is looking 4 u... U wan me 2 tell him u're not in singapore or wat?
U sick still can go shopping?
Yeah I should be able to, I'll text you when I'm ready to meet up
None of that's happening til you get here though
I was about to do it when i texted. I finished a long time ago and showered and er'ything!
I would but I'm still cozy. And exhausted from last night.nobody went to school or work. Everything is closed.
1. Tension face 2. Smiling face 3. Waste face 4. Innocent face 5.Terror face 6.Cruel face 7.Romantic face 8.Lovable face 9.decent face  <;#>; .joker face.
S.s:)i thinl role is like sachin.just standing. Others have to hit.
Sorry i've not gone to that place. I.ll do so tomorrow. Really sorry.
If you ask her or she say any please message.
All was well until slightly disastrous class this pm with my fav darlings! Hope day off ok. Coffee wld be good as can't stay late tomorrow. Same time + place as always?
Hey so this sat are we going for the intro pilates only? Or the kickboxing too? 
ITS A LAPTOP TAKE IT WITH YOU.
Actually, my mobile is full of msg. And i m doing a work online, where i need to send them  <;#>;  sent msg i wil explain u later.
Yes i thought so. Thanks.
I.ll always be there, even if its just in spirit. I.ll get a bb soon. Just trying to be sure i need it.
Free any day but i finish at 6 on mon n thurs...
I'm very happy for you babe ! Woo hoo party on dude!
S but not able to sleep.
K:)eng rocking in ashes:)
Wat time _ finish?
Heart is empty without love.. Mind is empty without wisdom.. Eyes r empty without dreams &amp; Life is empty without frnds.. So Alwys Be In Touch. Good night &amp; sweet dreams
How many times i told in the stage all use to laugh. You not listen aha.
Ok ill send you with in  <;DECIMAL>;  ok.
Boo what time u get out? U were supposed to take me shopping today. :(
Remember to ask alex about his pizza
Rats. Hey did u ever vote for the next themes?
Hi its Kate it was lovely to see you tonight and ill phone you tomorrow. I got to sing and a guy gave me his card! xxx""""
either way works for me. I am  <;#>;  years old. Hope that doesnt bother you.
Ok i'm coming home now.
Can... I'm free...
How u doin baby girl ?? hope u are okay every time I call ure phone is off! I miss u get in touch
I can take you at like noon
Ah you see. You have to be in the lingo. I will let you know wot on earth it is when has finished making it!
U guys never invite me anywhere :(
Hi, Mobile no.  <;#>;  has added you in their contact list on www.fullonsms.com It s a great place to send free sms to people For more visit fullonsms.com
Erm... Woodland avenue somewhere. Do you get the parish magazine, his telephone number will be in there.
Oops I was in the shower when u called. Hey a parking garage collapsed at university hospital. See I'm not crazy. Stuff like that DOES happen.
A lot of this sickness thing going round. Take it easy. Hope u feel better soon. Lol
Dont flatter yourself... Tell that man of mine two pints of carlin in ten minutes please.... 
You know my old Dom I told you about yesterday ? His name is Roger? He got in touch with me last night and wants me to meet him today at 2 pm
Some friends want me to drive em someplace, probably take a while
I am 6 ft. We will be a good combination!
Yep. I do like the pink furniture tho.
Please leave this topic..sorry for telling that..
Hi :)finally i completed the course:)
 thk of wat to eat tonight.
I ain't answerin no phone at what is actually a pretty reasonable hour but I'm sleepy
Aah! A cuddle would be lush! I'd need lots of tea and soup before any kind of fumbling!
Hello, my love ! How went your day ? Are you alright ? I think of you, my sweet and send a jolt to your heart to remind you ... I LOVE YOU! Can you hear it ? I screamed it across the sea for all the world to hear. Ahmad al Hallaq is loved ! and owned ! *possessive passionate kiss*
So _'ll be submitting da project tmr rite?
Ok... But bag again..
I am going to sao mu today. Will be done only at 12 
So many people seems to be special at first sight, But only very few will remain special to you till your last sight.. Maintain them till life ends.. take cr da
Remember on that day..
OH YEAH,AND HAV A GREAT TIME IN NEWQUAY-SEND ME A POSTCARD !1 LOOK AFTER ALL THE GIRLS WHILE IM GONE(U KNOW THE 1IM TALKIN BOUT!)xx
No calls..messages..missed calls
Nice.nice.how is it working?
Come to my home for one last time i wont do anything. Trust me.
Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng musthu
Nope but i'm going home now then go pump petrol lor... Like going 2 rain soon...
I'm at home. Please call
Our Prasanth ettans mother passed away last night. Just pray for her and family.
Keep ur problems in ur heart," b'coz nobody will fight for u. Only u &amp; u have to fight for ur self &amp; win the battle. -VIVEKANAND- G 9t.. SD.."
Ok lor. I ned 2 go toa payoh 4 a while 2 return smth u wan 2 send me there or wat?
The battery is for mr adewale my uncle. Aka Egbon
Eek that's a lot of time especially since American Pie is like 8 minutes long. I can't stop singing it.
I've got it down to a tea. not sure which flavour
Haven't heard anything and he's not answering my texts so I'm guessing he flaked. That said the jb is fantastic
No. I dont want to hear anything
FR'NDSHIP is like a needle of a clock. Though V r in d same clock, V r nt able 2 met. Evn if V meet,itz only 4few seconds. Bt V alwys stay conected. Gud 9t;-)
No. To be nosy I guess. Idk am I over reacting if I'm freaked?
Friendship poem: Dear O Dear U R Not Near But I Can Hear Dont Get Fear Live With Cheer No More Tear U R Always my Dear. Gud ni8
What you thinked about me. First time you saw me in class.
NEFT Transaction with reference number  <;#>;  for Rs. <;DECIMAL>;  has been credited to the beneficiary account on  <;#>;  at  <;TIME>; : <;#>;
I tot it's my group mate... Lucky i havent reply... Wat time do _ need to leave... 
I know that my friend already told that.
All these nice new shirts and the only thing I can wear them to is nudist themed ;_; you in mu?
Please sen :)my kind advice :-)please come here and try:-)
no, i *didn't* mean to post it. I wrote it, and like so many other times i've ritten stuff to you, i let it sit there. it WAS what i was feeling at the time. I was angry. Before i left, i hit send, then stop. It wasn't there. I checked on my phone when i got to my car. It wasn't there. You said you didn't sleep, you were bored. So why wouldn't THAT be the time to clean, fold laundry, etc.? At least make the bed?
Well. You know what i mean. Texting
Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
My trip was ok but quite tiring lor. Uni starts today but it's ok 4 me cos i'm not taking any modules but jus concentrating on my final yr project.
Oooh I got plenty of those!
K I'll take care of it
Was just about to ask. Will keep this one. Maybe that's why you didn't get all the messages we sent you on glo
I'm an actor. When i work, i work in the evening and sleep late. Since i'm unemployed at the moment, i ALWAYS sleep late. When you're unemployed, every day is saturday.
That way transport is less problematic than on sat night. By the way, if u want to ask  n  to join my bday, feel free. But need to know definite nos as booking on fri. 
Ok thanx...
Aiyo... Her lesson so early... I'm still sleepin, haha... Okie, u go home liao den confirm w me lor...
I called and said all to him:)then he have to choose this future.
Sir, waiting for your letter.
I think steyn surely get one wicket:)
Ok that would b lovely, if u r sure. Think about wot u want to do, drinkin, dancin, eatin, cinema, in, out, about... Up to u! Wot about ? 
Sun cant come to earth but send luv as rays. cloud cant come to river but send luv as rain. I cant come to meet U, but can send my care as msg to U. Gud evng
Can you tell Shola to please go to college of medicine and visit the academic department, tell the academic secretary what the current situation is and ask if she can transfer there. She should ask someone to check Sagamu for the same thing and lautech. Its vital she completes her medical education in Nigeria. Its less expensive much less expensive. Unless she will be getting citizen rates in new zealand.

sorry, no, have got few things to do. may be in pub later.
I'm done...
Let me know how to contact you. I've you settled in a room. Lets know you are ok.
Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
Match started.india  <;#>;  for 2
My superior telling that friday is leave for all other department except ours:)so it will be leave for you:)any way call waheed fathima hr and conform it:)
Dai what this da.. Can i send my resume to this id.
Should I be stalking u?
I will reach office around  <;DECIMAL>; . &amp; my mobile have problem. You cann't get my voice. So call you asa i'll free
Carlos says we can pick up from him later so yeah we're set
Anything lor is she coming?
Yeah I am, so I'll leave maybe 7ish?
Are you available for soiree on June 3rd?
Oh wow thats gay. Will firmware update help
Good morning, my boytoy! How's those yummy lips ? Where's my sexy buns now ? What do you do ? Do you think of me ? Do you crave me ? Do you need me ?
Didn't try, g and I decided not to head out
CHEERS U TEX MECAUSE U WEREBORED! YEAH OKDEN HUNNY R UIN WK SAT?SOUNDS LIKEYOUR HAVIN GR8FUN J! KEEP UPDAT COUNTINLOTS OF LOVEME XXXXX.""""
I'll pick you up at about 5.15pm to go to taunton if you still want to come.
Sounds like you have many talents! would you like to go on a dinner date next week?
Awesome, be there in a minute
Ill be there on  <;#>;  ok.
Did u find out what time the bus is at coz i need to sort some stuff out.
Mum not going robinson already.
Oh k.i think most of wi and nz players unsold.
* Was really good to see you the other day dudette, been missing you!
Funny fact Nobody teaches volcanoes 2 erupt, tsunamis 2 arise, hurricanes 2 sway aroundn no 1 teaches hw 2 choose a wife Natural disasters just happens
Nope... C _ then...
I'm tired of arguing with you about this week after week. Do what you want and from now on, i'll do the same.
Neshanth..tel me who r u?
U gd lor go shopping i got stuff to do. U wan 2 watch infernal affairs a not? Come lar...
Hey what's up charles sorry about the late reply.
7 at esplanade.. Do _ mind giving me a lift cos i got no car today..
Do you know when dad will be back?
Pathaya enketa maraikara pa'
HI BABE UAWAKE?FEELLIKW SHIT.JUSTFOUND OUT VIA ALETTER THATMUM GOTMARRIED 4thNOV.BEHIND OURBACKS  FUCKINNICE!SELFISH,DEVIOUSBITCH.ANYWAY,"IL CALL U""
I know you are thinkin malaria. But relax, children cant handle malaria. She would have been worse and its gastroenteritis. If she takes enough to replace her loss her temp will reduce. And if you give her malaria meds now she will just vomit. Its a self limiting illness she has which means in a few days it will completely stop
Y?WHERE U AT DOGBREATH? ITS JUST SOUNDING LIKE JAN C THATS AL!!!!!!!!!
They said if its gonna snow, it will start around 8 or 9 pm tonite! They are predicting an inch of accumulation.
Sorry to be a pain. Is it ok if we meet another night? I spent late afternoon in casualty and that means i haven't done any of y stuff42moro and that includes all my time sheets and that. Sorry. 
I dont. Can you send it to me. Plus how's mode.
WHEN THE FIRST STRIKE IS A RED ONE. THE BIRD + ANTELOPE BEGIN TOPLAY IN THE FIELDOF SELFINDEPENDENCE BELIEVE THIS + THE FLOWER OF CONTENTION WILL GROW.RANDOM!
St andre, virgil's cream
COME BACK TO TAMPA FFFFUUUUUUU
University of southern california.
chile, please! It's only a  <;DECIMAL>;  hour drive for me. I come down all the time and will be subletting feb-april for audition season.
10 min later k...
Where r we meeting?
ok. I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
I'll text now! All creepy like so he won't think that we forgot
Nope, I'm still in the market
Beautiful tomorrow never comes.. When it comes, it's already TODAY.. In the hunt of beautiful tomorrow don't waste your wonderful TODAY.. GOODMORNING:)
* Will be september by then!
Do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? So that, One who is made for you comes &amp; fills those gaps by holding your hand with LOVE..!
Just send a text. We'll skype later.
Better. Made up for Friday and stuffed myself like a pig yesterday. Now I feel bleh. But at least its not writhing pain kind of bleh.
Doing project w frens lor. 
Tell rob to mack his gf in the theater
About  <;#>; bucks. The banks fees are fixed. Better to call the bank and find out.
You got called a tool?
If you can make it any time tonight or whenever you can it's cool, just text me whenever you're around
Aiyar hard 2 type. U later free then tell me then i call n scold n tell u.
Oh just getting even with u.... u?
What type of stuff do you sing?
Oh you got many responsibilities.
No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
Oh thats late! Well have a good night and i will give u a call tomorrow. Iam now going to go to sleep night night
Okay name ur price as long as its legal! Wen can I pick them up? Y u ave x ams xx
Hi Jon, Pete here, Ive bin 2 Spain recently & hav sum dinero left, Bill said u or ur rents mayb interested in it, I hav 12,000pes, so around 48, tb, James.
Fair enough, anything going on?
Fuck babe ... What happened to you ? How come you never came back?
Sorry,in meeting I'll call later
IM REALY SOZ IMAT MY MUMS 2NITE WHAT ABOUT 2MORO 
Yep, by the pretty sculpture
No plm i will come da. On the way.
We are okay. Going to sleep now. Later
Lol your always so convincing.
K:)k.are you in college?
Probably gonna swing by in a wee bit
Hi. I'm sorry i missed your call. Can you pls call back.
No pic. Please re-send.
, ow u dey.i paid 60,400thousad.i told  u would call . 
Who's there say hi to our drugdealer
Dude avatar 3d was imp. At one point i thought there were actually flies in the room and almost tried hittng one as a reflex
So wat's da decision?
NO GIFTS!! You trying to get me to throw myself off a cliff or something?
I'll be late...
I wanna watch that movie
It has issues right now. Ill fix for her by tomorrow.
Haha, that was the first person I was gonna ask
I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
If I get there before you after your ten billion calls and texts so help me god
OH FUCK. JUSWOKE UP IN A BED ON A BOATIN THE DOCKS. SLEPT WID 25 YEAR OLD. SPINOUT! GIV U DA GOSSIP L8R. XXX""""
So you think i should actually talk to him? Not call his boss in the morning? I went to this place last year and he told me where i could go and get my car fixed cheaper. He kept telling me today how much he hoped i would come back in, how he always regretted not getting my number, etc.
Hai ana tomarrow am coming on morning.  <;DECIMAL>;  ill be there in sathy then we ll go to RTO office. Reply me after came to home.
Then i buy.
What's happening with you. Have you gotten a job and have you begun registration for permanent residency
Hmmm ... I thought we said 2 hours slave, not 3 ... You are late ... How should I punish you ?
Ladies first and genus second k .
Did u got that persons story
Somebody set up a website where you can play hold em using eve online spacebucks
Give me a sec to think think about it
I wonder if you'll get this text?
Good afternoon on this glorious anniversary day, my sweet J !! I hope this finds you happy and content, my Prey. I think of you and send a teasing kiss from across the sea coaxing images of fond souveniers ... You Cougar-Pen
My birthday is on feb  <;#>;  da. .
Haha... can... But i'm having dinner with my cousin...
Actually i'm waiting for 2 weeks when they start putting ad.
Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish.
Havent still waitin as usual...  come back sch oredi?
You know, wot people wear. T shirts, jumpers, hat, belt, is all we know. We r at Cribbs
Then any special there?
Go where n buy? Juz buy when we get there lar.
I can't keep going through this. It was never my intention to run you out, but if you choose to do that rather than keep the room clean so *I* don't have to say no to visitors, then maybe that's the best choice. Yes, I wanted you to be embarassed, so maybe you'd feel for once how I feel when i have a friend who wants to drop buy and i have to say no, as happened this morning. I've tried everything. I don't know what else to do.
Just wondering, the others just took off
What he said is not the matter. My mind saying some other matter is there.
Camera quite good, 10.1mega pixels, 3optical and 5digital dooms. Have a lovely holiday, be safe and i hope you hav a good journey! Happy new year to you both! See you in a couple of weeks! 
K go and sleep well. Take rest:-).
Yes..but they said its IT.,
Hi msg me:)i'm in office..
We're on the opposite side from where we dropped you off
Oops my phone died and I didn't even know. Yeah I like it better.
You are right. Meanwhile how's project twins comin up
I will be gentle princess! We will make sweet gentle love...
Oh k :)why you got job then whats up?
Lol! Oops sorry! Have fun. 
Hope you are having a great new semester. Do wish you the very best. You are made for greatness.
I dun thk i'll quit yet... Hmmm, can go jazz ? Yogasana oso can... We can go meet em after our lessons den... 
awesome, how do I deal with the gate? Charles told me last night but, uh, yeah
Huh? 6 also cannot? Then only how many mistakes?
Thats cool. i liked your photos. You are very sexy!
Just so that you know,yetunde hasn't sent money yet. I just sent her a text not to bother sending. So its over, you dont have to involve yourself in anything. I shouldn't have imposed anything on you in the first place so for that, i apologise.
Must come later.. I normally bathe him in da afternoon mah..
I reach home safe n sound liao...
I.ll post her out l8r. In class
What time you thinkin of goin?
LOL that would be awesome payback.
Pls dont restrict her from eating anythin she likes for the next two days.
Yup next stop.
Dude. What's up. How Teresa. Hope you have been okay. When i didnt hear from these people, i called them and they had received the package since dec  <;#>; . Just thot you'ld like to know. Do have a fantastic year and all the best with your reading. Plus if you can really really Bam first aid for Usmle, then your work is done.
S.i think he is waste for rr..
I luv u soo much u dont understand how special u r 2 me ring u 2morrow luv u xxx
I'm a guy, browsin is compulsory
Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay.
Left dessert. U wan me 2 go suntec look 4 u?
NOT MUCH NO FIGHTS. IT WAS A GOOD NITE!!
Long beach lor. Expected... U having dinner now?
Am only searching for good dual sim mobile pa.
OH RITE. WELL IM WITH MY BEST MATE PETE, WHO I WENT OUT WITH 4 A WEEK+ NOW WERE 2GEVA AGAIN. ITS BEEN LONGER THAN A WEEK.
My sort code is  and acc no is . The bank is natwest. Can you reply to confirm i've sent this to the right person!
Is she replying. Has boye changed his phone number
In which place i can get rooms cheap:-)
Yep then is fine 7.30 or 8.30 for ice age.
No need to ke qi...  too bored izzit y suddenly thk of this...
You're gonna have to be way more specific than that
THIS IS A LONG FUCKIN SHOWR
Am slow in using biola's fne
I don't have anybody's number, I still haven't thought up a tactful way to ask alex
Aight, I'll ask a few of my roommates
Tomarrow i want to got to court. At  <;DECIMAL>; . So you come to bus stand at 9.
MY NO. IN LUTON 0125698789 RING ME IF UR AROUND! H*
 go home liao? Ask dad to pick me up at 6...
Am on a train back from northampton so i'm afraid not! I'm staying skyving off today ho ho! Will be around wednesday though. Do you fancy the comedy club this week by the way?
Not a lot has happened here. Feels very quiet. Beth is at her aunts and charlie is working lots. Just me and helen in at the mo. How have you been? 
Pls help me tell sura that i'm expecting a battery from hont. And that if should pls send me a message about how to download movies. Thanks
Hi, my love! How goes that day? Fuck, this morning I woke and dropped my cell on the way down the stairs but it seems alright ... *phews* I miss you !
Can. Dunno wat to get 4 her...
Every day i use to sleep after  <;#>;  so only.
En chikku nange bakra msg kalstiya..then had tea/coffee?
How will I creep on you now? ;_;
All boys made fun of me today. Ok i have no problem. I just sent one message just for fun
Wishing you a wonderful week.
Come to mahal bus stop.. <;DECIMAL>;
K.. I yan jiu liao... Sat we can go 4 bugis vill one frm 10 to 3 den hop to parco 4 nb. Sun can go cine frm 1030 to 2, den hop to orc mrt 4 hip hop at 4...
No it's waiting in e car dat's bored wat. Cos wait outside got nothing 2 do. At home can do my stuff or watch tv wat.
Aight, I should be there by 8 at the latest, probably closer to 7. Are jay and tyler down or should we just do two trips?
Now press conference da:)
Hi neva worry bout da truth coz the truth will lead me 2 ur heart. Its the least a unique person like u deserve. Sleep tight or morning
K.:)you are the only girl waiting in reception ah?
Are you in castor? You need to see something
Geeeee ... Your internet is really bad today, eh ?
Yeah, we can probably swing by once my roommate finishes up with his girl
Ah poop. Looks like ill prob have to send in my laptop to get fixed cuz it has a gpu problem
Sorry, I'll call later
Haha, my friend tyler literally just asked if you could get him a dubsack
Yes :)it completely in out of form:)clark also utter waste.
My life Means a lot to me, Not because I love my life, But because I love the people in my life, The world calls them friends, I call them my World:-).. Ge:-)..
You do got a shitload of diamonds though
Si.como no?!listened2the plaid album-quite gd&the new air1 which is hilarious-also boughtbraindancea comp.ofstuff on aphexs ;abel,"u hav2hear it!c u sn xxxx"""
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
Am also doing in cbe only. But have to pay.
Yesterday its with me only . Now am going home.
He dint tell anything. He is angry on me that why you told to abi.
K, my roommate also wants a dubsack and another friend may also want some so plan on bringing extra, I'll tell you when they know for sure
Call me when u're done...
Ball is moving a lot.will spin in last :)so very difficult to bat:)
I ask if u meeting da ge tmr nite...
Oh... Okie lor...We go on sat... 
Huh so fast... Dat means u havent finished painting?
Nan sonathaya soladha. Why boss?
We'll you pay over like  <;#>; yrs so its not too difficult
Mm feeling sleepy. today itself i shall get that dear
How to Make a girl Happy? It's not at all difficult to make girls happy. U only need to be... 1. A friend 2. Companion 3. Lover 4. Chef . . .  <;#>; . Good listener  <;#>; . Organizer  <;#>; . Good boyfriend  <;#>; . Very clean  <;#>; . Sympathetic  <;#>; . Athletic  <;#>; . Warm . . .  <;#>; . Courageous  <;#>; . Determined  <;#>; . True  <;#>; . Dependable  <;#>; . Intelligent . . .  <;#>; . Psychologist  <;#>; . Pest exterminator  <;#>; . Psychiatrist  <;#>; . Healer . .  <;#>; . Stylist  <;#>; . Driver . . Aaniye pudunga venaam..
HEY DAS COOL... IKNOW ALL 2 WELLDA PERIL OF STUDENTFINANCIAL CRISIS!SPK 2 U L8R.""""
Gam gone after outstanding innings.
You at mu? You should try to figure out how much money everyone has for gas and alcohol, jay and I are trying to figure out our weed budget
Great. Have a safe trip. Dont panic surrender all.
Update your face book status frequently :)
Its on in engalnd! But telly has decided it won't let me watch it and mia and elliot were kissing! Damn it!
Early bird! Any purchases yet?
Cps is causing the outages to conserve energy.
You still coming tonight?
In life when you face choices Just toss a coin not becoz its settle the question But while the coin in the air U will know what your heart is hoping for. Gudni8
Oh... Lk tt den we take e one tt ends at cine lor... Dun wan yogasana oso can... 
Argh my 3g is spotty, anyway the only thing I remember from the research we did was that province and sterling were the only problem-free places we looked at
I need an 8th but I'm off campus atm, could I pick up in an hour or two?
I sent them. Do you like?
Sorry, I'll call later
Don know..wait i will check it.
Ok... Let u noe when i leave my house.
I doubt you could handle 5 times per night in any case...
Are there TA jobs available? Let me know please cos i really need to start working
Now, whats your house # again ? And do you have any beer there ?
You always make things bigger than they are
I'm wif him now buying tix lar...
Lol boo I was hoping for a laugh
No I'm good for the movie, is it ok if I leave in an hourish?
Unless it's a situation where YOU GO GURL would be more appropriate
I'm on da bus going home...
Usually the person is unconscious that's in children but in adults they may just behave abnormally. I.ll call you now
Oh yeah! And my diet just flew out the window
How stupid to say that i challenge god.You dont think at all on what i write instead you respond immed.
Sorry, I'll call later
Not getting anywhere with this damn job hunting over here!
When I was born, GOD said, Oh No! Another IDIOT"". When you were born", GOD said," ""OH No! COMPETITION"". Who knew"," one day these two will become FREINDS FOREVER!
Yay can't wait to party together!
Fun fact: although you would think armand would eventually build up a tolerance or some shit considering how much he smokes, he gets fucked up in like 2 hits
Ill call you evening ill some ideas.
No need to say anything to me. I know i am an outsider
I donno if they are scorable
Dear friends, sorry for the late information. Today is the birthday of our loving Ar.Praveesh. for more details log on to face book and see. Its his number + <;#>; . Dont miss a delicious treat.
I'm still looking for a car to buy. And have not gone 4the driving test yet.
Convey my regards to him
There's no point hangin on to mr not right if he's not makin u happy
Thank you princess! You are so sexy...
If you're still up, maybe leave the credit card so I can get gas when I get back like he told me to
I havent lei.. Next mon can?
Haha yeah, 2 oz is kind of a shitload
Friendship poem: Dear O Dear U R Not Near But I Can Hear Dont Get Fear Live With Cheer No More Tear U R Always my Dear. Gud ni8
She.s fine. I have had difficulties with her phone. It works with mine. Can you pls send her another friend request.
Go chase after her and run her over while she's crossing the street
<;#>; , that's all? Guess that's easy enough
Dunno lei _ all decide lor. How abt leona? Oops i tot ben is going n i msg him.
I'm in a movie. Call me 4 wat?
I am late. I will be there at
Oops sorry. Just to check that you don't mind picking me up tomo at half eight from station. Would that be ok?
God created gap btwn ur fingers so dat sum1 vry special will fill those gaps by holding ur hands.. Now plz dont ask y he created so much gap between legs !!!
Hi Shanil,Rakhesh here.thanks,i have exchanged the uncut diamond stuff.leaving back. Excellent service by Dino and Prem.
I cant keep talking to people if am not sure i can pay them if they agree to price. So pls tell me what you want to really buy and how much you are willing to pay
ALRITE SAM ITS NIC JUST CHECKIN THAT THIS IS UR NUMBER-SO IS IT?T.B*
U say leh... Of course nothing happen lar. Not say v romantic jus a bit only lor. I thk e nite scenery not so nice leh.
Yar he quite clever but aft many guesses lor. He got ask me 2 bring but i thk darren not so willing 2 go. Aiya they thk leona still not attach wat.
I am in your office na.
Mm umma ask vava also to come tell him can play later together
Sorry about earlier. Putting out fires.Are you around to talk after 9? Or do you actually have a life, lol!
Ugh my leg hurts. Musta overdid it on mon.
Oh god i am happy to see your message after 3 days
I am in office:)whats the matter..msg me now.i will call you at break:).
Mum ask _ to buy food home...
Single line with a big meaning::::: Miss anything 4 ur ""Best Life"" but"," don't miss ur best life for anything... Gud nyt..."
Not from this campus. Are you in the library?
Hey... Very inconvenient for your sis a not huh?
I emailed yifeng my part oredi.. Can _ get it fr him..
U don't know how stubborn I am. I didn't even want to go to the hospital. I kept telling Mark I'm not a weak sucker. Hospitals are for weak suckers.
Damn, can you make it tonight or do you want to just wait til tomorrow
Aight what time you want me to come up?
S:-)if we have one good partnership going we will take lead:)
I am waiting machan. Call me once you free.
I thought slide is enough.
Yup ok...
I can make it up there, squeezed  <;#>;  bucks out of my dad
Sry da..jst nw only i came to home..
Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
I realise you are a busy guy and i'm trying not to be a bother. I have to get some exams outta the way and then try the cars. Do have a gr8 day
One small prestige problem now.
i can call in  <;#>;  min if thats ok
Wat u doing there?
I anything lor.
Frnd s not juz a word.....not merely a relationship.....its a silent promise which says ...  I will be with YOU "" Wherevr.. Whenevr.. Forevr... Gudnyt dear..""
Alrite jod hows the revision goin? Keris bin doin a smidgin. N e way u wanna cum over after college?xx
cool. We will have fun practicing making babies!
Honeybee Said: *I'm d Sweetest in d World* God Laughed &amp; Said: *Wait,U Havnt Met d Person Reading This Msg* MORAL: Even GOD Can Crack Jokes! GM+GN+GE+GN:)
See? I thought it all through
But I'm on a diet. And I ate 1 too many slices of pizza yesterday. Ugh I'm ALWAYS on a diet.
How are you, my Love ? Are you with your brother ? Time to talk english with him ? *grins* Say : Hey Muhommad, Penny says hello from across the sea
Gud mrng dear have a nice day
K. I will sent it again
How come guoyang go n tell her? Then u told her?
Hi. Happy New Year. I dont mean to intrude but can you pls let me know how much tuition you paid last semester and how much this semester is. Thanks
soon you will have the real thing princess! Do i make you wet? :)
Lol yeah at this point I guess not
Crazy ar he's married.  like gd looking guys not me. My frens like say he's korean leona's fave but i dun thk he is. Aft some thinking mayb most prob i'll go.
Does uncle timi help in clearing cars
Why didn't u call on your lunch?
Guy, no flash me now. If you go call me, call me. How madam. Take care oh.
Lol well don't do it without me. We could have a big sale together.
I have a sore throat. It's scratches when I talk
Ok . . now i am in bus. . If i come soon i will come otherwise tomorrow
I take it we didn't have the phone callon Friday. Can we assume we won't have it this year now?
A few people are at the game, I'm at the mall with iouri and kaila
Only saturday and sunday holiday so its very difficult:)
Please da call me any mistake from my side sorry da. Pls da goto doctor.
I'll be at mu in like  <;#>;  seconds
i want to grasp your pretty booty :)
Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
HEY BABE! FAR 2 SPUN-OUT 2 SPK AT DA MO... DEAD 2 DA WRLD. BEEN SLEEPING ON DA SOFA ALL DAY, HAD A COOL NYTHO, TX 4 FONIN HON," CALL 2MWEN IM BK FRMCLOUD 9! J X"
Ditto. And you won't have to worry about me saying ANYTHING to you anymore. Like i said last night, you do whatever you want and i'll do the same. Peace.
Sorry, I'll call later
Hi:)cts employee how are you?
Glad it went well :) come over at 11 then we'll have plenty of time before claire goes to work.
I hope your pee burns tonite.
U need my presnts always bcz U cant mis love. jeevithathile irulinae neekunna prakasamanu sneham"" prakasam ennal prabha 'That mns prabha is'LOVE' Got it. Dont mis me....""
Jay says that you're a double-faggot
Haha... Really oh no... How? Then will they deduct your lesson tmr?
I'm already back home so no probably not
A boy was late 2 home. His father: POWER OF FRNDSHIP""""
I hope you that's the result of being consistently intelligent and kind. Start asking him about practicum links and keep your ears open and all the best. ttyl
Thats cool. i am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
Well thats nice. Too bad i cant eat it
Hmmm...k...but i want to change the field quickly da:-)i wanna get system administrator or network administrator..
Hi , where are you? We're at  and they're not keen to go out i kind of am but feel i shouldn't so can we go out tomo, don't mind do you?
If u laugh really loud.. If u talk spontaneously.. If u dont care what others feel.. U are probably with your dear &amp; best friends.. GOODEVENING Dear..:)
I have gone into get info bt dont know what to do
Hey i will be late... i'm at amk. Need to drink tea or coffee
Its posible dnt live in  <;#>; century cm frwd n thnk different
Oh... Kay... On sat right?
Allo! We have braved the buses and taken on the trains and triumphed. I mean were in bham. Have a jolly good rest of week
Up to _...  wan come then come lor... But i din c any stripes skirt...
Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
I av a new number,  . Wil u only use this one,ta.
Lol ... I knew that .... I saw him in the dollar store
Haha, just what I was thinkin
Wait 2 min..stand at bus stop
Exactly. Anyways how far. Is jide her to study or just visiting
say thanks2. 
It just seems like weird timing that the night that all you and g want is for me to come smoke is the same day as when a shitstorm is attributed to me always coming over and making everyone smoke
Aight ill get on fb in a couple minutes
In the end she might still vomit but its okay. Not everything will come out.
I borrow ur bag ok.
If i start sending blackberry torch to nigeria will you find buyer for me?like 4a month. And tell dad not to buy bb from anyone oh.
Well, I was about to give up cos they all said no they didnt do one nighters. I persevered and found one but it is very cheap so i apologise in advance. It is just somewhere to sleep isnt it?
Dear good morning how you feeling dear
K.k:)when are you going?
What time you coming down later? 
Then wat r u doing now? Busy wif work?
Just making dinner, you ?
I.ll hand her my phone to chat wit u
K, makes sense, btw carlos is being difficult so you guys are gonna smoke while I go pick up the second batch and get gas
His frens go then he in lor. Not alone wif my mum n sis lor.
Sorry, went to bed early, nightnight
Convey my regards to him
Great! I hope you like your man well endowed. I am  <;#>;  inches...
If you still havent collected the dough pls let me know so i can go to the place i sent it to get the control number
Er yeah, i will b there at 15:26, sorry! Just tell me which pub/cafe to sit in and come wen u can
Stop the story. I've told him i've returned it and he's saying i should not re order it.
Oops I did have it,  <;#>; ?
Appt is at <;TIME>; am. Not my fault u don't listen. I told u twice
That's y we haf to combine n c how lor...
Simply sitting and watching match in office..
Pls tell nelson that the bb's are no longer comin. The money i was expecting aint coming
K da:)how many page you want?
Do you think i can move  <;#>;  in a week
Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.."" GOODMORNING""
K I'll be sure to get up before noon and see what's what
Hello! Just got here, st andrews-boy its a long way! Its cold. I will keep you posted
Uhhhhrmm isnt having tb test bad when youre sick
Sounds great! Im going to sleep now. Have a good night!
Mmmmm ... I loved waking to your words this morning ! I miss you too, my Love. I hope your day goes well and you are happy. I wait for us to be together again
Also maaaan are you missing out
Fuuuuck I need to stop sleepin, sup
NEFT Transaction with reference number  <;#>;  for Rs. <;DECIMAL>;  has been credited to the beneficiary account on  <;#>;  at  <;TIME>; : <;#>;
You need to get up. Now.
Nowadays people are notixiquating the laxinorficated opportunity for bambling of entropication.... Have you ever oblisingately opted ur books for the masteriastering amplikater of fidalfication? It is very champlaxigating, i think it is atrocious.. Wotz Ur Opinion???? Junna
And pls pls drink plenty plenty water
Will be office around 4 pm. Now i am going hospital.
Mmmmmm ... I love you,so much, Ahmad ... I can't wait for this year to begin as every second takes me closer to being at your side. Happy New Year, my love!!
Aaooooright are you at work?
Shopping? Eh ger i toking abt syd leh...Haha
I don't know jack shit about anything or i'd say/ask something helpful but if you want you can pretend that I did and just text me whatever in response to the hypotheticalhuagauahahuagahyuhagga
I'm in office now da:)where are you?
I asked sen to come chennai and search for job.
Ok i found dis pierre cardin one which looks normal costs 20 its on sale.
Yar else i'll thk of all sorts of funny things.
Shuhui say change 2 suntec steamboat? U noe where? Where r u now?
I am in escape theatre now. . Going to watch KAVALAN in a few minutes
Sorry me going home first... Daddy come fetch _ later...
Too late. I said i have the website. I didn't i have or dont have the slippers
Ok. So april. Cant wait
S....s...india going to draw the series after many years in south african soil..
I know but you need to get hotel now. I just got my invitation but i had to apologise. Cali is to sweet for me to come to some english bloke's weddin
Alex says he's not ok with you not being ok with it
Lol ok your forgiven :)
I don't want you to leave. But i'm barely doing what i can to stay sane. fighting with you constantly isn't helping.
Got it..mail panren paru..
Mmmmm ... It was sooooo good to wake to your words this morning, my Love!! Mmmm fuck ... I love you too, my Lion ... *devouring kiss from across the sea*
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
Finish liao... U?
Ok ok take care. I can understand.
WOT STUDENT DISCOUNT CAN U GET ON BOOKS?
Sure, I'll see if I can come by in a bit
Thats cool. How was your day?
I wish that I was with you. Holding you tightly. Making you see how important you are. How much you mean to me ... How much I need you ... In my life ...
Headin towards busetop
Yes.. now only saw your message..
Quite ok but a bit ex... U better go eat smth now else i'll feel guilty...
Good. Good job. I like entrepreneurs
Yo do you know anyone  <;#>;  or otherwise able to buy liquor? Our guy flaked and right now if we don't get a hold of somebody its just 4 loko all night
NOT ENUFCREDEIT TOCALL.SHALL ILEAVE UNI AT 6 +GET A BUS TO YOR HOUSE?""""
I'm in class. Did you get my text.
I think asking for a gym is the excuse for lazy people. I jog.
I met you as a stranger and choose you as my friend. As long as the world stands, our friendship never ends. Lets be Friends forever!!! Gud nitz...
AH POOR BABY!HOPE URFEELING BETTERSN LUV! PROBTHAT OVERDOSE OF WORK HEY GO CAREFUL SPK 2 U SN LOTS OF LOVEJEN XXX.""""
Welp apparently he retired
Lol now I'm after that hot air balloon!
He also knows about lunch menu only da. . I know
Enjoy ur life. . Good night
Goodnight da thangam I really miss u dear.
Raji..pls do me a favour. Pls convey my Birthday wishes to Nimya. Pls. Today is her birthday.
Cheers for the card ... Is it that time of year already?
Did you see that film:)
Alex knows a guy who sells mids but he's down in south tampa and I don't think I could set it up before like 8
That is wondar full flim.
Ok not a problem will get them a taxi. C ing  tomorrow and tuesday. On tuesday think we r all going to the cinema. 
Storming msg: Wen u lift d phne, u say HELLO"" Do u knw wt is d real meaning of HELLO?? . . . It's d name of a girl..! . . . Yes.. And u knw who is dat girl?? ""Margaret Hello"" She is d girlfrnd f Grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . Moral:One can 4get d name of a person"," bt not his girlfrnd... G o o d n i g h t . . .@"
Okie...
Also remember the beads don't come off. Ever.
Guess which pub im in? Im as happy as a pig in clover or whatever the saying is! 
Mom wants to know where you at
Awesome, lemme know whenever you're around
Evening * v good if somewhat event laden. Will fill you in, don't you worry _ Head * ok but throat * wrecked. See you at six then!
How is my boy? No sweet words left for me this morning ... *sighs* ... How goes you day, my love ? Did you start your studying?
Tyler (getting an 8th) has to leave not long after 9, can you get here in like an hour?
Tell me again what your address is
Do u konw waht is rael FRIENDSHIP Im gving yuo an exmpel: Jsut ese tihs msg.. Evrey splleing of tihs msg is wrnog.. Bt sitll yuo can raed it wihtuot ayn mitsake.. GOODNIGHT &amp; HAVE A NICE SLEEP..SWEET DREAMS..
Glad to see your reply.
OH MR SHEFFIELD! You wanna play THAT game, okay. You're the boss and I'm the nanny. You give me a raise and I'll give YOU one!!
U can call now...
Hello. They are going to the village pub at 8 so either come here or there accordingly. Ok?
And maybe some pressies
It wont b until 2.15 as trying 2 sort house out, is that ok?
Thanks for sending this mental ability question..
I'm nt goin, got somethin on, unless they meetin 4 dinner lor... Haha, i wonder who will go tis time...
Poor girl can't go one day lmao
What r u cooking me for dinner?
Are you planning to come chennai?
haha but no money leh... Later got to go for tuition... Haha and looking for empty slots for driving lessons
Im going to try for 2 months ha ha only joking
HARD BUT TRUE: How much you show &amp;  express your love to someone....that much it will hurt when they leave you or you get seperated...!_??۬ud evening...
I re-met alex nichols from middle school and it turns out he's dealing!
Aight, can you text me the address?
Come to me, slave. Your doing it again ... Going into your shell and unconsciously avoiding me ... You are making me unhappy :-(
What's up bruv, hope you had a great break. Do have a rewarding semester.
Are you plans with your family set in stone ?
i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
K, fyi I'm back in my parents' place in south tampa so I might need to do the deal somewhere else
Babe ? I lost you ... :-(
hi baby im cruisin with my girl friend what r u up 2? give me a call in and hour at home if thats alright or fone me on this fone now love jenny xxx
I calls you later. Afternoon onwords mtnl service get problem in south mumbai. I can hear you but you cann't listen me.
Have you heard from this week?
PLEASSSSSSSEEEEEE TEL ME V AVENT DONE SPORTSx
Plz note: if anyone calling from a mobile Co. &amp; asks u to type # <;#>;  or # <;#>; . Do not do so. Disconnect the call,coz it iz an attempt of 'terrorist' to make use of the sim card no. Itz confirmd by nokia n motorola n has been verified by CNN IBN.
No message..no responce..what happend?
How abt making some of the pics bigger?
What do u want when i come back?.a beautiful necklace as a token of my heart for you.thats what i will give but ONLY to MY WIFE OF MY LIKING.BE THAT AND SEE..NO ONE can give you that.dont call me.i will wait till i come.
I'm not coming over, do whatever you want
No dear i was sleeping :-P
It should take about  <;#>;  min
Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
Sir Goodmorning, Once free call me.
I can send you a pic if you like :)
Im on gloucesterroad what are uup to later?""""
My uncles in Atlanta. Wish you guys a great semester.
I'm doing da intro covers energy trends n pros n cons... Brief description of nuclear fusion n oso brief history of iter n jet got abt 7 n half pages..
Well the weather in cali's great. But its complexities are great. You need a car to move freely, its taxes are outrageous. But all in all its a great place. The sad part is i missing home.
I want to show you the world, princess :) how about europe?
Then why you came to hostel.
I've told you everything will stop. Just dont let her get dehydrated.
I dunno until when... Lets go learn pilates...
Me not waking up until 4 in the afternoon, sup
I think just yourself _Thanks and see you tomo
R we going with the  <;#>;  bus?
The sign of maturity is not when we start saying big things.. But actually it is, when we start understanding small things... *HAVE A NICE EVENING* BSLVYL
I'll text carlos and let you know, hang on
What will we do in the shower, baby?
Yup. Anything lor, if u dun wan it's ok...
Heart is empty without love.. Mind is empty without wisdom.. Eyes r empty without dreams &amp; Life is empty without frnds.. So Alwys Be In Touch. Good night &amp; sweet dreams
Hi there. We have now moved in2 our pub . Would be great 2 c u if u cud come up.
Yeah that's what I thought, lemme know if anything's goin on later
I dont have any of your file in my bag..i was in work when you called me.i 'll tell you if i find anything in my room.
Thats cool. Where should i cum? On you or in you? :)
No he didn't. Spring is coming early yay!
Yes but i dont care! I need you bad, princess!
Ok i juz receive..
Usually the body takes care of it buy making sure it doesnt progress. Can we pls continue this talk on saturday.
DO NOT B LATE LOVE MUM
Thats cool! I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
We don call like  <;#>;  times oh. No give us hypertension oh.
You sure your neighbors didnt pick it up
New car and house for my parents.:)i have only new job in hand:)
Rose for red,red for blood,blood for heart,heart for u. But u for me.... Send tis to all ur friends.. Including me.. If u like me.. If u get back, 1-u r poor in relation! 2-u need some 1 to support 3-u r frnd 2 many 4-some1 luvs u 5+- some1 is praying god to marry u.:-) try it....
Ok.
Yo, any way we could pick something up tonight?
Try to do something dear. You read something for exams
Thank You for calling.Forgot to say Happy Onam to you Sirji.I am fine here and remembered you when i met an insurance person.Meet You in Qatar Insha Allah.Rakhesh, ex Tata AIG who joined TISSCO,Tayseer.
Ofcourse I also upload some songs
The  <;#>; g that i saw a few days ago, the guy wants sell wifi only for  <;#>;  and with 3g for  <;#>; . That's why i blanked him.
Yes:)from last week itself i'm taking live call.
I dun believe u. I thk u told him.
Hope you are having a great day.
Sir, I have been late in paying rent for the past few months and had to pay a $ <;#>;  charge. I felt it would be inconsiderate of me to nag about something you give at great cost to yourself and that's why i didnt speak up. I however am in a recession and wont be able to pay the charge this month hence my askin well ahead of month's end. Can you please help. Thanks
Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
Hey check it da. I have listed da.
No worries, hope photo shoot went well. have a spiffing fun at workage. 
That's good. Lets thank God. Please complete the drug. Have lots of water. And have a beautiful day.
Also andros ice etc etc
Did u got that persons story
Please ask mummy to call father
IM GONNA MISS U SO MUCH
1) Go to write msg 2) Put on Dictionary mode 3)Cover the screen with hand, 4)Press  <;#>; . 5)Gently remove Ur hand.. Its interesting..:)
Height of Confidence: All the Aeronautics professors wer calld &amp; they wer askd 2 sit in an aeroplane. Aftr they sat they wer told dat the plane ws made by their students. Dey all hurried out of d plane.. Bt only 1 didnt move... He said:if it is made by my students,"this wont even start........ Datz confidence.."
Hi kindly give us back our documents which we submitted for loan from STAPATI
Yes there were many sweets
Oh oh... Wasted... Den muz chiong on sat n sun liao...
Uncle boye. I need movies oh. Guide me. Plus you know torrents are not particularly legal here. And the system is slowing down. What should i do. Have a gr8 day. Plus have you started cos i dont meet you online. How was the honey moon.
I'm at home. Please call
Hey are we going for the lo lesson or gym? 
I dunno they close oredi not...  v ma fan...
Super msg da:)nalla timing.
You didn't have to tell me that...now i'm thinking. Plus he's going to stop all your runs
Did you get any gift? This year i didnt get anything. So bad
So i asked how's anthony. Dad. And your bf
K...k:)why cant you come here and search job:)
U free on sat rite? U wan 2 watch infernal affairs wif me n darren n mayb xy?
 got wat to buy tell us then _ no need to come in again.
I have 2 sleeping bags, 1 blanket and paper and  phone details. Anything else?
Ya srsly better than yi tho
U come n search tat vid..not finishd..
Btw regarding that we should really try to see if anyone else can be our 4th guy before we commit to a random dude
Whats the staff name who is taking class for us?
I actually did for the first time in a while. I went to bed not too long after i spoke with you. Woke up at 7. How was your night?
Hey you gave them your photo when you registered for driving ah? Tmr wanna meet at yck? 
Went to ganesh dress shop
Ok then i'll let him noe later n ask him call u tmr...
Sorry i din lock my keypad.
Some of them told accenture is not confirm. Is it true.
Which is why i never wanted to tell you any of this. Which is why i'm so short with you and on-edge as of late.
I'm stuck in da middle of da row on da right hand side of da lt... 
Enjoy urself tmr...
So now my dad is gonna call after he gets out of work and ask all these crazy questions.
And how's your husband.
No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
Sorry, I'll call later
Babe, I'm answering you, can't you see me ? Maybe you'd better reboot YM ... I got the photo ... It's great !
Jay is snickering and tells me that x is totally fucking up the chords as we speak
Why must we sit around and wait for summer days to celebrate. Such a magical sight when the worlds dressed in white. Oooooh let there be snow.
I wasn't well babe, i have swollen glands at my throat ... What did you end up doing ?
Then she buying today?  no need to c meh...
Did u find a sitter for kaitlyn? I was sick and slept all day yesterday.
Good morning. At the repair shop--the ONLY reason i'm up at this hour.
I hav almost reached. Call, i m unable to connect u.
Ard 515 like dat. Y?
Dai i downloaded but there is only exe file which i can only run that exe after installing.
Thanks for ve lovely wisheds. You rock
My friend, she's studying at warwick, we've planned to go shopping and to concert tmw, but it may be canceled, havn't seen  for ages, yeah we should get together sometime!
Hahaha..use your brain dear
That means get the door
I wonder if your phone battery went dead ? I had to tell you, I love you babe
Lol ... Oh no babe, I wont be sliding into your place after midnight, but thanks for the invite
Same here, but I consider walls and bunkers and shit important just because I never play on peaceful but I guess your place is high enough that it don't matter
Thinkin about someone is all good. No drugs for that
Mum, hope you are having a great day. Hoping this text meets you well and full of life. Have a great day. Abiola
I'm at work. Please call
I am on the way to tirupur.
I will take care of financial problem.i will help:)
Evry Emotion dsn't hav Words.Evry Wish dsn't hav Prayrs.. If u Smile,D World is wit u.Othrwise even d Drop of Tear dsn't lik 2 Stay wit u.So b happy.. Good morning, keep smiling:-)
Juz now havent woke up so a bit blur blur... Can? Dad went out liao... I cant cum now oso...
Save yourself the stress. If the person has a dorm account, just send your account details and the money will be sent to you.
Ok then i will come to ur home after half an hour
Dear,regret i cudnt pick call.drove down frm ctla now at cochin home.left mobile in car..ente style ishtamayoo?happy bakrid!
What i mean is do they come chase you out when its over or is it stated you can watch as many movies as you want.
Tell them u have a headache and just want to use 1 hour of sick time.
India have to take lead:)
Ok lor then we go tog lor...
Check wid corect speling i.e. Sarcasm
Love isn't a decision, it's a feeling. If we could decide who to love, then, life would be much simpler, but then less magical
Wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
ZOE IT JUST HIT ME 2 IM FUCKING SHITIN MYSELF IL DEFO TRY MY HARDEST 2 CUM 2MOROW LUV U MILLIONS LEKDOG
If I was I wasn't paying attention
I remain unconvinced that this isn't an elaborate test of my willpower
Pls clarify back if an open return ticket that i have can be preponed for me to go back to kerala.
Yeah no probs - last night is obviously catching up with you... Speak soon 
Dunno cos i was v late n when i reach they inside already... But we ate spageddies lor... It's e gals who r laughing at me lor...
No. Its not specialisation. Can work but its slave labor. Will look for it this month sha cos no shakara 4 beggar.
Just getting back home
I not free today i haf 2 pick my parents up tonite...
Every monday..nxt week vl be completing..
Its sunny in california. The weather's just cool
Want to send me a virtual hug?... I need one
Its ok..come to my home it vl nice to meet and v can chat..
You will be in the place of that man
Ya it came a while ago
Congratulations ore mo owo re wa. Enjoy it and i wish you many happy moments to and fro wherever you go
K.i will send in  <;#>;  min:)
I surely dont forgot to come:)i will always be in touch in with you:-)
Sorry i'm not free...
Yup bathe liao...
K, can I pick up another 8th when you're done?
G.W.R
Pls go there today  <;#>; . I dont want any excuses
Going on nothing great.bye
i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
Hi, Mobile no.  <;#>;  has added you in their contact list on www.fullonsms.com It s a great place to send free sms to people For more visit fullonsms.com
Hey... are you going to quit soon? Xuhui and i working till end of the month 
Erm. I thought the contract ran out the4th of october.
Time n Smile r the two crucial things in our life. Sometimes time makes us to forget smile, and sometimes someone's smile makes us to forget time gud noon
S..antha num corrct dane
 <;#>;  mins but i had to stop somewhere first.
Prepare to be pleasured :)
Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
These won't do. Have to move on to morphine
Oh right, ok. I'll make sure that i do loads of work during the day!  got a really nasty cough today and is dry n shot so that should really help it!
Yupz... I've oredi booked slots 4 my weekends liao... 
No message..no responce..what happend?
Sorry I missed you babe. I was up late and slept in. I hope you enjoy your driving lesson, boytoy. I miss you too ... *teasing kiss*
Oh god..taken the teeth?is it paining
We have sent JD for Customer Service cum Accounts Executive to ur mail id, For details contact us
Ok good then i later come find _... C lucky i told _ to go earlier... Later pple take finish _ no more again...
Thanx. Yup we coming back on sun. Finish dinner going back 2 hotel now. Time flies, we're tog 4 exactly a mth today. Hope we'll haf many more mths to come...
Now that you have started dont stop. Just pray for more good ideas and anything i see that can help you guys i.ll forward you a link.
Am I the only one who doesn't stalk profiles?
How come i din c _... Yup i cut my hair...
That's cause your old. I live to be high.
Missing you too.pray inshah allah
K.k:)i'm going to tirunelvali this week to see my uncle ..i already spend the amount by taking dress .so only i want money.i will give it on feb 1
Still otside le..u come 2morrow maga..
* Am on a train back from northampton so i'm afraid not!
I hope you know I'm still mad at you.
They have a thread on the wishlist section of the forums where ppl post nitro requests. Start from the last page and collect from the bottom up.
'Wnevr i wana fal in luv vth my books, My bed fals in luv vth me..!'' . Yen madodu, nav pretsorginta, nammanna pretsovru important alwa....!!:) Gud eveB-).
Alright we'll bring it to you, see you in like  <;#>;  mins
I think that tantrum's finished so yeah I'll be by at some point
Got meh... When?
Great! I have to run now so ttyl!
You do your studies alone without anyones help. If you cant no need to study.
I sent lanre fakeye's Eckankar details to the mail box
I'm sorry. I've joined the league of people that dont keep in touch. You mean a great deal to me. You have been a friend at all times even at great personal cost. Do have a great week.|
You made my day. Do have a great day too.
YEH I AM DEF UP4 SOMETHING SAT,"JUST GOT PAYED2DAY & I HAVBEEN GIVEN A50 PAY RISE 4MY WORK & HAVEBEEN MADE PRESCHOOLCO-ORDINATOR 2I AM FEELINGOOD LUV"""
What are you doing in langport? Sorry, but I'll probably be in bed by 9pm. It sucks being ill at xmas! When do you and go2sri lanka? 
Yup, no need. I'll jus wait 4 e rain 2 stop.
I've not called you in a while. This is hoping it was l8r malaria and that you know that we miss you guys. I miss Bani big, so pls give her my love especially. Have a great day.
Nothin comes to my mind.  help me buy hanger lor. Ur laptop not heavy?
Bill, as in: Are there any letters for me. i۪m expecting one from orange that isn۪t a bill but may still say orange on it.
Yetunde i'm in class can you not run water on it to make it ok. Pls now.
I want snow. It's just freezing and windy.
Dont worry. I guess he's busy.
Hi, wkend ok but journey terrible. Wk not good as have huge back log of marking to do
I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
I enjoy watching and playing football and basketball. Anything outdoors. And you?
I'm thinking that chennai forgot to come for auction..
He neva grumble but i sad lor... Hee... Buy tmr lor aft lunch. But we still meetin 4 lunch tmr a not. Neva hear fr them lei.  got a lot of work ar?
Boy; I love u Grl: Hogolo Boy: gold chain kodstini Grl: Agalla Boy: necklace madstini Grl: agalla Boy: Hogli 1 mutai eerulli kodthini! Grl: I love U kano;-)
Jesus christ bitch I'm trying to give you drugs answer your fucking phone
Yes! How is a pretty lady like you single?
Come around  <;DECIMAL>; pm vikky..i'm otside nw, il come by tht time
Gud ni8.swt drms.take care
Aiyah u did ok already lar. E nydc at wheellock?
Idea will soon get converted to live:)
Did u got that persons story
Then we wait 4 u lor... No need 2 feel bad lar...
Hello- thanx for taking that call. I got a job! Starts on monday!
I want to lick your pussy now...
After my work ah... Den 6 plus lor... U workin oso rite... Den go orchard lor, no other place to go liao...
I.ll give her once i have it. Plus she said grinule greet you whenever we speak
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart....gn tc
Think you sent the text to the home phone. That cant display texts. If you still want to send it his number is
You are a big chic. Common. Declare
Ok darlin i supose it was ok i just worry too much.i have to do some film stuff my mate and then have to babysit again! But you can call me there.xx
Thank you so much. When we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. Hope you are good. We've given you ultimatum oh! We are countin down to aburo. Enjoy!
Yes i will be there. Glad you made it.
Really good:)dhanush rocks once again:)
26th OF JULY
K.k.this month kotees birthday know?
Oops - am at my mum's in somerset... Bit far! Back tomo, see you soon x
I've reached home finally...
God picked up a flower and dippeditinaDEW, lovingly touched itwhichturnedinto u, and the he gifted tomeandsaid,THIS FRIEND IS 4U
Hope you are having a good week. Just checking in
Until 545 lor... Ya, can go 4 dinner together...
Hey ! Don't forget ... You are MINE ... For ME ... My possession ... MY property ... MMM ... *childish smile* ...
In xam hall boy asked girl Tell me the starting term for dis answer I can den manage on my own After lot of hesitation n lookin around silently she said THE! intha ponnungale ipaditan;)
Good sleep is about rhythm. The person has to establish a rhythm that the body will learn and use. If you want to know more :-)
Sorry i missed your call. Can you please call back.
Smith waste da.i wanna gayle.
Finally the match heading towards draw as your prediction.
Is xy in ur car when u picking me up?
I guess that's why you re worried. You must know that there's a way the body repairs itself. And i'm quite sure you shouldn't worry. We'll take it slow. First the tests, they will guide when your ovulation is then just relax. Nothing you've said is a reason to worry but i.ll keep on followin you up.
Wishing you and your family Merry X"" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance..""
Was actually about to send you a reminder today. Have a wonderful weekend
You'd like that wouldn't you? Jerk!
In other news after hassling me to get him weed for a week andres has no money. HAUGHAIGHGTUJHYGUJ
Sorry da:)i was thought of calling you lot of times:)lil busy.i will call you at noon..
I have no money 4 steve mate! !
Just sleeping..and surfing
Where did u go? My phone is gonna die you have to stay in here
Apo all other are mokka players only
I dont know ask to my brother. Nothing problem some thing that. Just i told .
No. It's not pride. I'm almost  <;#>;  years old and shouldn't be takin money from my kid. You're not supposed to have to deal with this stuff. This is grownup stuff--why i don't tell you.
Not much, just some textin'. How bout you?
Nvm... I'm going to wear my sport shoes anyway... I'm going to be late leh.
What time should I tell my friend to be around?
Tell me whos this pls:-)
S:)8 min to go for lunch:)
HI ITS KATE CAN U GIVE ME A RING ASAP XXX
Call him and say you not coming today ok and tell them not to fool me like this ok
U WILL SWITCH YOUR FONE ON DAMMIT!!
Haha... dont be angry with yourself... Take it as a practice for the real thing. =) 
CHEERS LOU! YEAH WAS A GOODNITE SHAME U NEVA CAME! C YA GAILxx
Aight, sounds good. When do you want me to come down?
Im cool ta luv but v.tired 2 cause i have been doin loads of planning all wk, we have got our social services inspection at the nursery! Take care & spk sn x.
Lol I would but despite these cramps I like being a girl.
Good. No swimsuit allowed :)
You give us back my id proof and  <;#>;  rs. We wont allow you to work. We will come to your home within days
Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
Forgot you were working today! Wanna chat, but things are ok so drop me a text when you're free / bored etc and i'll ring. Hope all is well, nose essay and all xx
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
I think i've fixed it can you send a test message?
Yeah that's the impression I got
Where can download clear movies. Dvd copies.
I want to go to perumbavoor
when you and derek done with class?
I dont understand your message.
V-aluable. A-ffectionate. L-oveable. E-ternal. N-oble. T-ruthful. I-ntimate. N-atural. E-namous. Happy VALENTINES DAY"" in advance""
Hanging out with my brother and his family
Aight I'll grab something to eat too, text me when you're back at mu
Ay wana meet on sat?_ wkg on sat?
Stupid.its not possible
Aww you must be nearly dead!Well Jez isComing over toDo some workAnd that whillTake forever!""""
Check with nuerologist.
Double eviction this week - Spiral and Michael and good riddance to them!
That sucks. So what do you got planned for your yo valentine? I am your yo valentine aren't I?
wiskey Brandy Rum Gin Beer Vodka Scotch Shampain Wine KUDI""yarasu dhina vaazhthukkal. ..""
I'm done. C _ there.
Great. I'm in church now, will holla when i get out
K will do, addie &amp; I are doing some art so I'll be here when you get home
Princess, i like to make love  <;#>;  times per night. Hope thats not a problem!
I'm in inside office..still filling forms.don know when they leave me.
The basket's gettin full so I might be by tonight
V skint too but fancied few bevies.waz gona go meet &othrs in spoon but jst bin watchng planet earth&sofa is v comfey; If i dont make it hav gd night
Ok i will tell her to stay out. Yeah its been tough but we are optimistic things will improve this month.
I think i am disturbing her da
I'm gonna be home soon and i don't want to talk about this stuff anymore tonight, k? I've cried enough today.
Aight, I'm chillin in a friend's room so text me when you're on the way
Jos ask if u wana meet up?
Yup...
:-( that's not v romantic!
Just dropped em off, omw back now
Thanx a lot...
I want to sent  <;#>; mesages today. Thats y. Sorry if i hurts
I asked you to call him now ok
I dont knw pa, i just drink milk..
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
Good afternoon sunshine! How dawns that day ? Are we refreshed and happy to be alive? Do we breathe in the air and smile ? I think of you, my love ... As always
Nothing, i got msg frm tht unknown no..
Yes..gauti and sehwag out of odi series.
Wif my family booking tour package.
Noice. Text me when you're here
How much she payed. Suganya.
I went to ur hon lab but no one is there.
Keep yourself safe for me because I need you and I miss you already and I envy everyone that see's you in real life
Is it ok if I stay the night here? Xavier has a sleeping bag and I'm getting tired
Hey. You got any mail?
They just talking thats it de. They wont any other.
IM FINE BABES AINT BEEN UP 2 MUCH THO! SAW SCARY MOVIE YEST ITS QUITE FUNNY! WANT 2MRW AFTERNOON? AT TOWN OR MALL OR SUMTHIN?xx
I love your ass! Do you enjoy doggy style? :)
Nope thats fine. I might have a nap tho! 
Sorry, I'll call later ok bye
Well keep in mind I've only got enough gas for one more round trip barring a sudden influx of cash
Yup it's at paragon... I havent decided whether 2 cut yet... Hee...
Then u drive lor.
I am not sure about night menu. . . I know only about noon menu
I'm at work. Please call
Aight that'll work, thanks
hows my favourite person today? r u workin hard? couldn't sleep again last nite nearly rang u at 4.30
Mm not entirely sure i understood that text but hey. Ho. Which weekend?
So what did the bank say about the money?
I keep ten rs in my shelf:) buy two egg.
Ok i am on the way to home hi hi
somewhere out there beneath the pale moon light someone think in of u some where out there where dreams come true... goodnite &amp; sweet dreams
Re your call; You didn't see my facebook huh?
Anyway holla at me whenever you're around because I need an excuse to go creep on people in sarasota
Super da:)good replacement for murali
Not..tel software name..
Thanks a lot for your wishes on my birthday. Thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable.
We have all rounder:)so not required:)
Haha... Where got so fast lose weight, thk muz go 4 a month den got effect... Gee,later we go aust put bk e weight.
Yup he msg me: is tat yijue? Then i tot it's my group mate cos we meeting today mah... I'm askin if _ leaving earlier or wat mah cos mayb _ haf to walk v far...
Yeah, give me a call if you've got a minute
Sos! Any amount i can get pls.
Huh i cant thk of more oredi how many pages do we have?
I finished my lunch already. U wake up already?
Don no da:)whats you plan?
Dude got a haircut. Now its breezy up there
And how you will do that, princess? :)
Good Morning plz call me sir
Just woke up. Yeesh its late. But I didn't fall asleep til <;#>; am :/
Noooooooo please. Last thing I need is stress. For once in your life be fair.
Yes. Nigh you cant aha.
Yo, you around? Just got my car back
Height of recycling: Read twice- People spend time for earning money and the same money is spent for spending time!;-) Good morning.. keep smiling:-)
Company is very good.environment is terrific and food is really nice:)
SORRY IM STIL FUCKED AFTER LAST NITE WENT TOBED AT 430 GOT UP 4 WORK AT 630
May i call You later Pls
Yes see ya not on the dot
Unfortunately i've just found out that we have to pick my sister up from the airport that evening so don't think i'll be going out at all. We should try to go out one of th
Jus chillaxin, what up
Yo guess what I just dropped
Dear are you angry i was busy dear
What???? Hello wats talks email address?
Hai priya are you right. What doctor said pa. Where are you.
Aiyah ok wat as long as got improve can already wat...
I like dis sweater fr mango but no more my size already so irritating.
Hi mom we might be back later than  <;#>; 
In that case I guess I'll see you at campus lodge
Are you willing to go for apps class.
Sorry, I'll call later
No..few hours before.went to hair cut .
BABE !!! I miiiiiiissssssssss you ! I need you !!! I crave you !!! :-( ... Geeee ... I'm so sad without you babe ... I love you ...
When are you going to ride your bike?
Doc prescribed me morphine cause the other pain meds aren't enough. Waiting for my mom to bring it. That med should kick in fast so I'm gonna try to be on later
It has everything to do with the weather. Keep extra warm. Its a cold but nothing serious. Pls lots of vitamin c
Tick, tick, tick ... Babe
Okay but i thought you were the expert
No. I meant the calculation is the same. That  <;#>; units at  <;#>; . This school is really expensive. Have you started practicing your accent. Because its important. And have you decided if you are doing 4years of dental school or if you'll just do the nmde exam.
Sorry, I'll call later in meeting
Dunno lei... I might b eatin wif my frens... If _ wan to eat then i wait 4 _ lar
Ranjith cal drpd Deeraj and deepak 5min hold
U still going to the mall?
Probably not, I'm almost out of gas and I get some cash tomorrow
My sister going to earn more than me da.
Its not that time of the month nor mid of the time?
Its a great day. Do have yourself a beautiful one.
Haiyoh... Maybe your hamster was jealous of million
Yeah right! I'll bring my tape measure fri!
Da is good good player.why he is unsold.
I don't run away frm u... I walk slowly &amp; it kills me that u don't care enough to stop me...
Then she dun believe wat?
How long does applebees fucking take
Ok then no need to tell me anything i am going to sleep good night
Yes.i'm in office da:)
But we havent got da topic yet rite?
Its a valentine game. . . Send dis msg to all ur friends. .. If 5 answers r d same then someone really loves u. Ques- which colour suits me the best?rply me
Dont show yourself. How far. Put new pictures up on facebook.
Yo come over carlos will be here soon
One of the joys in lifeis waking up each daywith thoughts that somewhereSomeone cares enough tosend a warm morning greeting.. -
Jus telling u dat i'll b leaving 4 shanghai on 21st instead so we'll haf more time 2 meet up cya...
aight we can pick some up, you open before tonight?
Designation is software developer and may be she get chennai:)
Lol ok ill try to send. Be warned Sprint is dead slow. You'll prolly get it tomorrow
Gr8. So how do you handle the victoria island traffic. Plus when's the album due
 says that he's quitting at least5times a day so i wudn't take much notice of that. Nah, she didn't mind. Are you gonna see him again? Do you want to come to taunton tonight? U can tell me all about !
Good afternoon, my love! How goes that day ? I hope maybe you got some leads on a job. I think of you, boytoy and send you a passionate kiss from across the sea
Have you been practising your curtsey?
Yes :)it completely in out of form:)clark also utter waste.
I love to wine and dine my lady!
Mostly sports type..lyk footbl,crckt..
Wat's da model num of ur phone?
Jus finished avatar nigro
Jesus armand really is trying to tell everybody he can find
Oh, yes, I've just been a little under the weather so i've kind of been coccooning at home
I noe la... U wana pei bf oso rite... K lor, other days den...
Aiyah then i wait lor. Then u entertain me. Hee...
Haha better late than ever, any way I could swing by?
WHITE FUDGE OREOS ARE IN STORES
Now only i reached home. . . I am very tired now. . I will come tomorro
This is wishing you a great day. Moji told me about your offer and as always i was speechless. You offer so easily to go to great lengths on my behalf and its stunning. My exam is next friday. After that i will keep in touch more. Sorry.
Have you emigrated or something? Ok maybe 5.30 was a bit hopeful...
Still in the area of the restaurant. Ill try to come back soon
Yeah whatever lol
Dunno lei shd b driving lor cos i go sch 1 hr oni.
Well imma definitely need to restock before thanksgiving, I'll let you know when I'm out
Anytime lor...
I probably won't eat at all today. I think I'm gonna pop. How was your weekend? Did u miss me?
Is there coming friday is leave for pongal?do you get any news from your work place.
Alright took the morphine. Back in yo.
So how's the weather over there?
yeah sure thing mate haunt got all my stuff sorted but im going sound anyway promoting hex for .by the way who is this? dont know number. Joke
Stop calling everyone saying I might have cancer. My throat hurts to talk. I can't be answering everyones calls. If I get one more call I'm not babysitting on Monday
Easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  <;#>; Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. <;#>; lacs..thats my prob
Hi.what you think about match?
Okey dokey, ill be over in a bit just sorting some stuff out.
Hmmm.still we dont have opener?
No da if you run that it activate the full version da.
Aslamalaikkum....insha allah tohar beeen muht albi mufti mahfuuz...meaning same here....
Hey mr whats the name of that bill brison book the one about language and words 
<;#>; ISH MINUTES WAS 5 MINUTES AGO. WTF.
I got lousy sleep. I kept waking up every 2 hours to see if my cat wanted to come in. I worry about him when its cold :(
Helloooo... Wake up..! Sweet"" ""morning"" ""welcomes"" ""You"" ""Enjoy"" ""This Day"" ""with full of joy"".. ""GUD MRNG"".""
Thats a bit weird, even ?- where is the do supposed to be happening? But good idea, sure they will be in pub!
Hi where you. You in home or calicut?
Aiyah e rain like quite big leh. If drizzling i can at least run home.
Compliments to you. Was away from the system. How your side.
Hi' Test on  <;#>; rd ....
Open rebtel with firefox. When it loads just put plus sign in the user name place, and it will show you two numbers. The lower number is my number. Once you pick that number the pin will display okay!
I'm not. She lip synced with shangela.
Hope you are not scared!
Guessin you ain't gonna be here before 9?
Hey, a guy I know is breathing down my neck to get him some bud, anyway you'd be able to get a half track to usf tonight?
Kindly send some one to our flat before  <;DECIMAL>;  today.
Sorry, I can't text &amp; drive coherently, see you in twenty
Missed your call cause I was yelling at scrappy. Miss u. Can't wait for u to come home. I'm so lonely today.
I'm meeting Darren...
I meant as an apology from me for texting you to get me drugs at  <;#>; at night
Have a great trip to India. And bring the light to everyone not just with the project but with everyone that is lucky to see you smile. Bye. Abiola
Reverse is cheating. That is not mathematics.
If he started searching he will get job in few days.he have great potential and talent.
Hey mr  and I are going to the sea view and having a couple of gays I mean games! Give me a bell when ya finish 
Just got part Nottingham - 3 hrs 63miles. Good thing i love my man so much, but only doing 40mph. Hey ho
Nothing just getting msgs by dis name wit different no's..
It's justbeen overa week since we broke up and already our brains are going to mush!
Oops, I'll let you know when my roommate's done
K:)k:)what are detail you want to transfer?acc no enough?
I need details about that online job.
Where u been hiding stranger?
Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
That's ok. I popped in to ask bout something and she said you'd been in. Are you around tonght wen this girl comes?
I guess you could be as good an excuse as any, lol.
That depends. How would you like to be treated? :)
Sweet heart how are you?
WOT U WANNA DO THEN MISSY?
Oh all have to come ah?
Ew are you one of them?
I've been searching for the right words to thank you for this breather. I promise i wont take your help for granted and will fulfil my promise. You have been wonderful and a blessing at all times.
What's up my own oga. Left my phone at home and just saw ur messages. Hope you are good. Have a great weekend.
How? Izzit still raining?
Ok . . now i am in bus. . If i come soon i will come otherwise tomorrow
It's ok i noe u're busy but i'm really too bored so i msg u. I oso dunno wat colour she choose 4 me one.
Yeah we wouldn't leave for an hour at least, how's 4 sound?
What was she looking for?
Call to the number which is available in appointment. And ask to connect the call to waheed fathima.
Thank u!
Do u konw waht is rael FRIENDSHIP Im gving yuo an exmpel: Jsut ese tihs msg.. Evrey splleing of tihs msg is wrnog.. Bt sitll yuo can raed it wihtuot ayn mitsake.. GOODNIGHT &amp; HAVE A NICE SLEEP..SWEET DREAMS..
We walked from my moms. Right on stagwood pass right on winterstone left on victors hill. Address is <;#>;
Umma. Did she say anything
Fine if thats the way u feel. Thats the way its gota b
I am real, baby! I want to bring out your inner tigress...
Haha yeah I see that now, be there in a sec
Heehee that was so funny tho
Dunno y u ask me.
A famous quote : when you develop the ability to listen to 'anything' unconditionally without losing your temper or self confidence, it means you are ......... 'MARRIED'
I've not sent it. He can send me.
Sorry de i went to shop.
1.20 that call cost. Which i guess isnt bad. Miss ya, need ya, want ya, love ya
Call me da, i am waiting for your call.
No de. But call me after some time. Ill tell you k
Pete,is this your phone still? Its Jenny from college and Leanne.what are you up to now?:)
Dont know supports ass and srt i thnk. I think ps3 can play through usb too
It certainly puts things into perspective when something like this happens
Sorry i now then c ur msg... Yar lor so poor thing... But only 4 one night... Tmr u'll have a brand new room 2 sleep in...
It,,s a taxt massage....tie-pos argh ok! Lool!
A boy was late 2 home. His father: POWER OF FRNDSHIP""""
S:)but he had some luck.2 catches put down:)
Good afternoon my boytoy. How goes that walking here and there day ? Did you get that police abstract? Are you still out and about? I wake and miss you babe
K I'll be there before 4.
I had a good time too. Its nice to do something a bit different with my weekends for a change. See ya soon
Its a valentine game. . . send dis msg to all ur friends. . If 5 answers r d same then someone really loves u. . Ques- which colour suits me the best?
Been up to ne thing interesting. Did you have a good birthday? When are u wrking nxt? I started uni today.
Hey. What happened? U switch off ur cell d whole day. This isnt good. Now if u do care, give me a call tomorrow.
Haha okay... Today weekend leh... 
I wanted to wish you a Happy New Year and I wanted to talk to you about some legal advice to do with when Gary and I split but in person. I'll make a trip to Ptbo for that. I hope everything is good with you babe and I love ya :)
Yeah we do totes. When u wanna?
Get down in gandhipuram and walk to cross cut road. Right side <;#>; street road and turn at first right.
Happy new year to u too!
It's ok, at least armand's still around
Well done, blimey, exercise, yeah, i kinda remember wot that is, hmm. 
If i not meeting _ all rite then i'll go home lor. If _ dun feel like comin it's ok.
Received, understood n acted upon!
It didnt work again oh. Ok goodnight then. I.ll fix and have it ready by the time you wake up. You are very dearly missed have a good night sleep.
Your gonna be the death if me. I'm gonna leave a note that says its all robs fault. Avenge me.
Just sleeping..and surfing
He is there. You call and meet him
Then anything special?
Thats cool! Sometimes slow and gentle. Sonetimes rough and hard :)
Pls she needs to dat slowly or she will vomit more.
Two teams waiting for some players
sure, but make sure he knows we ain't smokin yet
Yes obviously, but you are the eggs-pert and the potato head_ Speak soon! 
What's a feathery bowa? Is that something guys have that I don't know about?
Hello! Good week? Fancy a drink or something later?
Hi good mornin.. Thanku wish u d same..
Nope. I just forgot. Will show next week
Princess, is your kitty shaved or natural?
Or i go home first lar _ wait 4 me lor.. I put down my stuff first..
My love ... I hope your not doing anything drastic. Don't you dare sell your pc or your phone ...
New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, I'm always correct.!
Cant believe i said so many things to you this morning when all i really wanted to say was good morning, i love you! Have a beautiful morning. See you in the library later.
Ok. Very good. Its all about making that money.
Waiting 4 my tv show 2 start lor... U leh still busy doing ur report?
What's ur pin?
Anytime...
It could work, we'll reach a consensus at the next meeting
Aight sorry I take ten years to shower. What's the plan?
Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng
This girl does not stay in bed. This girl doesn't need recovery time. Id rather pass out while having fun then be cooped up in bed
Esplanade lor. Where else...
Lol yes. But it will add some spice to your day.
Or ill be a little closer like at the bus stop on the same street
You could have seen me..i did't recognise you Face.:)
Yes but I don't care cause I know its there!
My battery is low babe
We spend our days waiting for the ideal path to appear in front of us.. But what we forget is.. paths are made by walking.. not by waiting.."" Goodnight!""
Is ur changes 2 da report big? Cos i've already made changes 2 da previous report.
You busy or can I come by at some point and figure out what we're doing tomorrow
You aren't coming home between class, right? I need to work out and shower!
THANX 4 PUTTIN DA FONE DOWN ON ME!!
U buy newspapers already?
Theoretically yeah, he could be able to come
What you doing?how are you?
Is avatar supposed to have subtoitles
Easy mate, * guess the quick drink was bit ambitious.
Pick you up bout 7.30ish? What time are  and that going?
Or remind me in a few hrs.
Howz that persons story
Thts god's gift for birds as humans hav some natural gift frm god..
Y so late but i need to go n get da laptop...
The world suffers a lot... Not because of the violence of bad people. But because of the silence of good people!"""," Gud night...."
So anyways, you can just go to your gym or whatever, my love *smiles* I hope your ok and having a good day babe ... I miss you so much already
 still got lessons?   in sch?
Oh yah... We never cancel leh... Haha 
So its to be poking man everyday that they teach you in canada abi! How are you. Just saying hi.
Nope watching tv at home... Not going out. V bored...
A bit of Ur smile is my hppnss, a drop of Ur tear is my sorrow, a part of Ur heart is my life, a heart like mine wil care for U, forevr as my GOODFRIEND
K..k..i'm also fine:)when will you complete the course?
Then. You are eldest know.
Hi, wlcome back, did wonder if you got eaten by a lion or something, nothing much
That's one of the issues but california is okay. No snow so its manageable
Is there any training tomorrow?
She left it very vague. She just said she would inform the person in accounting about the delayed rent and that i should discuss with the housing agency about my renting another place. But checking online now and all places around usc are  <;#>;  and up
Beautiful truth : Expression of the face could Be seen by everyone... But the depression of heart Could be understood only By the Loved ones.. Gud Ni8;-)
Joy's father is John. Then John is the NAME of Joy's father. Mandan
Were somewhere on Fredericksburg
Weightloss! No more girl friends. Make loads of money on ebay or something. And give thanks to God.
Hui xin is in da lib.
Gimme a few"" was  <;#>;  minutes ago""
Easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
Haf u eaten? Wat time u wan me 2 come?
Don't Think About What u Have Got"" Think About ""How to Use It That You Have Got"" gooD ni8""
Did you try making another butt.
Pandy joined 4w technologies today.he got job..
What time. Im out until prob 3 or so
EY! CALM DOWNON THEACUSATIONS.. ITXT U COS IWANA KNOW WOTU R DOIN AT THEW/END... HAVENTCN U IN AGES..RING ME IF UR UP4 NETHING SAT.LOVE J XXX.""""
A cute thought for friendship: Its not necessary to share every secret with ur close Frnd," but watever u shared should be true""...."
Ard 6 like dat lor.
Yes princess! I want to make you happy...
I lost 4 pounds since my doc visit last week woot woot! Now I'm gonna celebrate by stuffing my face!
My painful personal thought- I always try to keep everybody happy all the time. But nobody recognises me when i am alone""""
Am not interested to do like that.
I haven't forgotten you, i might have a couple bucks to send you tomorrow, k? I love ya too
1) Go to write msg 2) Put on Dictionary mode 3)Cover the screen with hand, 4)Press  <;#>; . 5)Gently remove Ur hand.. Its interesting..:)
Is fujitsu s series lifebook good?
Sorry, was in the bathroom, sup
The last thing i ever wanted to do was hurt you. And i didn't think it would have. You'd laugh, be embarassed, delete the tag and keep going. But as far as i knew, it wasn't even up. The fact that you even felt like i would do it to hurt you shows you really don't know me at all. It was messy wednesday, but it wasn't bad. The problem i have with it is you HAVE the time to clean it, but you choose not to. You skype, you take pictures, you sleep, you want to go out. I don't mind a few things here and there, but when you don't make the bed, when you throw laundry on top of it, when i can't have a friend in the house because i'm embarassed that there's underwear and bras strewn on the bed, pillows on the floor, that's something else. You used to be good about at least making the bed.
I'm in school now n i'll be in da lab doing some stuff give me a call when _ r done.
Juz go google n search 4 qet...
Dunno leh cant remember mayb lor. So wat time r we meeting tmr?
Desires- u going to doctor 4 liver. And get a bit stylish. Get ur hair managed. Thats it.
Tell your friends what you plan to do on Valentines day @ <;URL>;
After the drug she will be able to eat.
I'm also came to room.
No dude, its not fake..my frnds got money, thts y i'm reffering u..if u member wit my mail link, u vl be credited  <;#>; rs and il be getiing  <;#>; rs..i can draw my acc wen it is  <;#>; rs..
MAYBE IF YOU WOKE UP BEFORE FUCKING 3 THIS WOULDN'T BE A PROBLEM.
Do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? So that, One who is made for you comes &amp; fills those gaps by holding your hand with LOVE..!
U GOIN OUT 2NITE?
Awww dat is sweet! We can think of something to do he he! Have a nice time tonight ill probably txt u later cos im lonely :( xxx.
So gd got free ice cream... I oso wan...
I promise to take good care of you, princess. I have to run now. Please send pics when you get a chance. Ttyl!
Where @
Yeah so basically any time next week you can get away from your mom &amp; get up before 3
I want  <;#>;  rs da:)do you have it?
Rofl betta invest in some  anti aging products
Good Morning my Dear........... Have a great &amp; successful day.
Ha... U jus ate honey ar? So sweet...
Hey company elama po mudyadhu.
I love you. You set my soul on fire. It is not just a spark. But it is a flame. A big rawring flame. XoXo
Haha... Sounds crazy, dunno can tahan anot...
Finish already... Yar they keep saying i mushy... I so embarrassed ok...
Oh Howda gud gud.. Mathe en samachara chikku:-)
I'm leaving my house now...
What part of don't initiate"" don't you understand""
on hen night. Going with a swing
I am great princess! What are you thinking about me? :)
Am watching house  very entertaining  am getting the whole hugh laurie thing  even with the stick  indeed especially with the stick.
Does she usually take fifteen fucking minutes to respond to a yes or no question
U wake up already? Wat u doing? U picking us up later rite? I'm taking sq825, reaching ard 7 smth 8 like dat. U can check e arrival time. C ya soon...
Ok no prob. Take ur time.
Thank You meet you monday
Hi. || Do u want | to join me with sts later? || Meeting them at five. || Call u after class.
Yeah confirmed for you staying at  that weekend
What should i eat fo lunch senor
Wishing you and your family Merry X"" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance..""
Never blame a day in ur life. Good days give u happiness. Bad days give u experience. Both are essential in life! All are Gods blessings! good morning.:
No did you check? I got his detailed message now
Call me, i am senthil from hsbc.
I'm not coming home 4 dinner.
I went to project centre
Are you still getting the goods.
Shit that is really shocking and scary, cant imagine for a second. Def up for night out. Do u think there is somewhere i could crash for night, save on taxi?
Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng
Oh... I was thkin of goin yogasana at 10 den no nd to go at 3 den can rush to parco 4 nb... Okie lor, u call me when ready...
Finally it has happened..! Aftr decades..! BEER is now cheaper than PETROL! The goverment expects us to DRINK"". . . But don't ""DRIVE """"
Havent.
I want to be inside you every night...
Shall i come to get pickle
Can not use foreign stamps in this country.
Mon okie lor... Haha, best is cheap n gd food la, ex oso okie... Depends on whether wana eat western or chinese food... Den which u prefer... 
Yup... I havent been there before... You want to go for the yoga? I can call up to book 
Well, I have to leave for my class babe ... You never came back to me ... :-( ... Hope you have a nice sleep, my love
Yo theres no class tmrw right?
Then why you not responding
Yes its possible but dint try. Pls dont tell to any one k
Have you finished work yet? :)
Ambrith..madurai..met u in arun dha marrge..remembr?
Lol please do. Actually send a pic of yourself right now. I wanna see. Pose with a comb and hair dryer or something.
Yeah I'll try to scrounge something up
Networking technical support associate.
Hey babe, my friend had to cancel, still up for a visit ?
Hope ur head doesn't hurt 2 much ! Am ploughing my way through a pile of ironing ! Staying in with a chinky tonight come round if you like.
Dont let studying stress you out. L8r.
Ok...
Should i send you naughty pix? :)
Why are u up so early?
Mm that time you dont like fun
sorry brah, just finished the last of my exams, what up
Lol I know! They're so dramatic. Schools already closed for tomorrow. Apparently we can't drive in the inch of snow were supposed to get.
Ok leave no need to ask
Lmao!nice 1
Ho ho - big belly laugh! See ya tomo
Send to someone else :-)
Misplaced your number and was sending texts to your old number. Wondering why i've not heard from you this year. All the best in your mcat. Got this number from my atlanta friends
did u get that message
Okay lor... Wah... like that def they wont let us go... Haha... What did they say in the terms and conditions?
Have you not finished work yet or something?
Hello, my love. What are you doing? Did you get to that interview today? Are you you happy? Are you being a good boy? Do you think of me?Are you missing me ?
Hiya, sorry didn't hav signal. I haven't seen or heard from and neither has, which is unusual in itself! I'll put on the case and get him to sort it out! Hugs and snogs.
Dear reached railway. What happen to you
I'd say that's a good sign but, well, you know my track record at reading women
Sorry da. I gone mad so many pending works what to do.
U meet other fren dun wan meet me ah... Muz b a guy rite...
Love has one law; Make happy the person you love. In the same way friendship has one law; Never make ur friend feel alone until you are alive.... Gud night
No problem with the renewal. I.ll do it right away but i dont know his details.
I want to send something that can sell fast.  <;#>; k is not easy money.
Hmmm.but you should give it on one day..
You still at the game?
Are u awake? Is there snow there?
Hello my little party animal! I just thought I'd buzz you as you were with your friends ...*grins*... Reminding you were loved and send a naughty adoring kiss
She doesnt need any test.
Did u receive my msg?
Sounds like something that someone testing me would sayy
Black shirt n blue jeans... I thk i c _...
I feel like a dick because I keep sleeping through your texts and facebook messages. Sup, you in town?
What you did in  leave.
She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife,
We live in the next  <;#>; mins
Will you come online today night
I don wake since. I checked that stuff and saw that its true no available spaces. Pls call the embassy or send a mail to them.
Tell them no need to investigate about me anywhere.
Forgot it takes me 3 years to shower, sorry. Where you at/your phone dead yet?
R u here yet? I'm wearing blue shirt n black pants.
Okey doke. I'm at home, but not dressed cos laying around ill! Speak to you later bout times and stuff. 
Mystery solved! Just opened my email and he's sent me another batch! Isn't he a sweetie
Lol! U drunkard! Just doing my hair at d moment. Yeah still up 4 tonight. Wats the plan? 
Yup... From what i remb... I think should be can book... 
Can help u swoop by picking u up from wherever ur other birds r meeting if u want.
Can a not?
Well there's not a lot of things happening in Lindsay on New years *sighs* Some bars in Ptbo and the blue heron has something going
Babe, I'm back ... Come back to me ...
Uncle G, just checking up on you. Do have a rewarding month
I want kfc its Tuesday. Only buy 2 meals ONLY 2. No gravy. Only 2 Mark. 2!
Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
Your brother is a genius
Goin to workout lor... Muz lose e fats... 
In work now. Going have in few min.
How do friends help us in problems? They give the most stupid suggestion that Lands us into another problem and helps us forgt the previous problem
Wat happened to the cruise thing
No. Thank you. You've been wonderful
Even if he my friend he is a priest call him now
Yup n her fren lor. I'm meeting my fren at 730.
Sorry, I'll call later
Den only weekdays got special price... Haiz... Cant eat liao... Cut nails oso muz wait until i finish drivin wat, lunch still muz eat wat... 
Yeah. I got a list with only u and Joanna if I'm feeling really anti social
K I'm leaving soon, be there a little after 9
He's really into skateboarding now despite the fact that he gets thrown off of it and winds up with bandages and shit all over his arms every five minutes
Same as kallis dismissial in 2nd test:-).
Cuz ibored. And don wanna study
Hi..i got the money da:)
U havent lost me ill always b here 4u.i didnt intend 2 hurt u but I never knew how u felt about me when Iwas+marine&thats what itried2tell urmom.i careabout u
I just lov this line: Hurt me with the truth, I don't mind,i wil tolerat.bcs ur my someone..... But," Never comfort me with a lie"" gud ni8 and sweet dreams
Pls go ahead with watts. I just wanted to be sure. Do have a great weekend. Abiola
She.s find. I sent you an offline message to know how anjola's now.
Lol I was gonna last month. I cashed some in but I left <;#>; just in case. I was collecting more during the week cause they announced it on the blog.
Oic... Then better quickly go bathe n settle down...
Going for dinner.msg you after.
my ex-wife was not able to have kids. Do you want kids one day?
I know you mood off today
Can you let me know details of fri when u find out cos I'm not in tom or fri. mentionned chinese. Thanks
K..k:)where are you?how did you performed?
All sounds good. Fingers . Makes it difficult to type
If you were/are free i can give. Otherwise nalla adi entey nattil kittum
Haven't found a way to get another app for your phone, eh ? Will you go to the net cafe ? Did you take that job? Geeee I need you babe. I crave to see you ...
Where's my boytoy? I miss you ... What happened?
U're welcome... Caught u using broken english again...
No da..today also i forgot..
I wont touch you with out your permission.
Hey i'm bored... So i'm thinking of u... So wat r u doing?
I'll reach in ard 20 mins ok...
Yes. Last  practice
sry can't talk on phone, with parents
Do I? I thought I put it back in the box
No da:)he is stupid da..always sending like this:)don believe any of those message.pandy is a mental:)
Yo we are watching a movie on netflix
Thanks  and ! Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say! 
Buzz! Hey, my Love ! I think of you and hope your day goes well. Did you sleep in ? I miss you babe. I long for the moment we are together again*loving smile*
What happen dear. Why you silent. I am tensed
Minimum walk is 3miles a day.
Imagine you finally get to sink into that bath after I have put you through your paces, maybe even having you eat me for a while before I left ... But also imagine the feel of that cage on your cock surrounded by the bath water, reminding you always who owns you ... Enjoy, my cuck
Mm i am on the way to railway
Should I tell my friend not to come round til like  <;#>; ish?
Thanks. Fills me with complete calm and reassurance! 
* You gonna ring this weekend or wot?
Why is that, princess? I bet the brothas are all chasing you!
Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
I don know account details..i will ask my mom and send you.my mom is out of reach now.
So _ pay first lar... Then when is da stock comin...
Hi darlin i cantdo anythingtomorrow as myparents aretaking me outfor a meal. when are u free? Katexxx""""
Miss ya, need ya, want ya, love ya.
Wat would u like 4 ur birthday?
Ok...
Let Ur Heart Be Ur Compass Ur Mind Ur Map Ur Soul Ur Guide And U Will Never loose in world....gnun - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Men always needs a beautiful, intelligent, caring, loving, adjustable, cooperative wife. But the law allows only one wife....
If he started searching he will get job in few days.he have great potential and talent.
Im good! I have been thinking about you...
I am literally in bed and have been up for like  <;#>;  hours
Y cant u try new invention to fly..i'm not joking.,
meet you in corporation st outside gap _ you can see how my mind is working!
Doing nothing, then u not having dinner w us?
Dear i am not denying your words please
Haha i think i did too
I sent your maga that money yesterday oh.
Cool breeze... Bright sun... Fresh flower... Twittering birds... All these waiting to wish u: GOODMORNING &amp; HAVE A NICE DAY"" :)""
Oh shut it. Omg yesterday I had a dream that I had 2 kids both boys. I was so pissed. Not only about the kids but them being boys. I even told mark in my dream that he was changing diapers cause I'm not getting owed in the face.
If anyone calls for a treadmill say you'll buy it. Make sure its working. I found an ad on Craigslist selling for $ <;#>; .
From here after The performance award is calculated every two month.not for current one month period..
Yo! Howz u? girls never rang after india. L
I got it before the new year cos yetunde said she wanted to surprise you with it but when i didnt see money i returned it mid january before the  <;#>; day return period ended.
All done, all handed in. Don't know if mega shop in asda counts as celebration but thats what i'm doing!
Yes... I trust u to buy new stuff ASAP so I can try it out
It's cool, we can last a little while. Getting more any time soon?
Eh ur laptop got no stock lei... He say mon muz come again to take a look c got a not...
Good Morning plz call me sir
Nah im goin 2 the wrks with j wot bout u?
Abeg, make profit. But its a start. Are you using it to get sponsors for the next event?
Alright. I'm out--have a good night!
In which place do you want da.
Also sir, i sent you an email about how to log into the usc payment portal. I.ll send you another message that should explain how things are back home. Have a great weekend.
Have a good evening! Ttyl
The Xmas story is peace.. The Xmas msg is love.. The Xmas miracle is jesus.. Hav a blessed month ahead &amp; wish U Merry Xmas...
Ok. How many should i buy.
I dont know what to do to come out of this so only am ask questions like this dont mistake me.
Good afternoon, my boytoy ... How are you feeling today ? Better I hope? Are you being my good boy? Are you my obedient, slave? Do you please your Queen?
Hello darlin ive finished college now so txt me when u finish if u can love Kate xxx
Ok... Thanx... Gd nite 2 _ too...
Ha ha ha good joke. Girls are situation seekers.
I love to cuddle! I want to hold you in my strong arms right now...
WHO ARE YOU SEEING?
Ugh just got outta class
I love u 2 my little pocy bell I am sorry but I love u
Oh ok..
Today is song dedicated day.."" Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me...""
Good afternoon, my love ... How goes your day ? How did you sleep ? I hope your well, my boytoy ... I think of you ...
I am getting threats from your sales executive Shifad as i raised complaint against him. Its an official message.
Pls speak with me. I wont ask anything other then you friendship.
Howz that persons story
2marrow only. Wed at  <;#>;  to 2 aha.
Well obviously not because all the people in my cool college life went home ;_;
Wat time r _ going to xin's hostel?
Well am officially in a philosophical hole, so if u wanna call am at home ready to be saved!
U know we watchin at lido?
Many more happy returns of the day. I wish you happy birthday.
What are youdoing later? Sar xxx""""
Dun need to use dial up juz open da browser n surf...
Hey you still want to go for yogasana? Coz if we end at cine then can go bathe and hav the steam bath
Dont pick up d call when something important is There to tell. Hrishi
Don't forget though that I love you .... And I walk beside you. Watching over you and keeping your heart warm.
Awesome question with a cute answer: Someone asked a boy how is ur life?"" . . He smiled &amp; answered: . . ""She is fine!"" Gudnite""
Science tells that chocolate will melt under the sunlight. Please don't walk under the sunlight. BCoz,I don't want to loss a sweet friend.
Yes i have. So that's why u texted. Pshew...missing you so much
Future is not what we planned for tomorrow.....! it is the result of what we do today...! Do the best in present... enjoy the future.
Aiyar dun disturb u liao... Thk u have lots 2 do aft ur cupboard come...
Oh yes I can speak txt 2 u no! Hmm. Did u get  email?
aathi..where are you dear..
You will be in the place of that man
Well, i'm glad you didn't find it totally disagreeable ... Lol
Wen u miss someone, the person is definitely special for u..... But if the person is so special, why to miss them," just Keep-in-touch"" gdeve..
Yar lor actually we quite fast... Cos da ge slow wat... Haha...
Yep, at derek's house now, see you Sunday <;3
Me too. Mark is taking forever to pick up my prescription and the pain is coming back.
Moji just informed me that you saved our lives. Thanks.
Jus ans me lar. U'll noe later.
Wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
I am taking you for italian food. How about a pretty dress with no panties? :)
Thanks again for your reply today. When is ur visa coming in. And r u still buying the gucci and bags. My sister things are not easy, uncle john also has his own bills so i really need to think about how to make my own money. Later sha.
Tmr then _ brin lar... Aiya later i come n c lar... Mayb _ neva set properly _ got da help sheet wif _...
No problem baby. Is this is a good time to talk? I called and left a message.
Ok no problem... Yup i'm going to sch at 4 if i rem correctly...
Can you pls send me that company name. In saibaba colany
I told that am coming on wednesday.
Have you laid your airtel line to rest?
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
You said to me before i went back to bed that you can't sleep for anything.
Ugh. Gotta drive back to sd from la. My butt is sore.
Howz pain?hope u r fine..
Sorry da thangam, very very sorry i am held up with prasad.
My house here e sky quite dark liao... If raining then got excuse not 2 run already rite... Hee...
No. Yes please. Been swimming?
 v ma fan...
Serious? What like proper tongued her
Oic... I saw him too but i tot he din c me... I found a group liao...
Does daddy have a bb now.
Nothing. I meant that once the money enters your account here, the bank will remove its flat rate. Someone transfered  <;#>;  to my account and  <;#>; dollars got removed. So the banks differ and charges also differ.be sure you trust the 9ja person you are sending account details to cos...
Sleeping nt feeling well
Ok. But i finish at 6.
Hmm. Shall i bring a bottle of wine to keep us amused? Just joking! I'll still bring a bottle. Red or white? See you tomorrow
Aight, text me tonight and we'll see what's up
Uncle Abbey! Happy New Year. Abiola
Hey elaine, is today's meeting still on?
And very importantly, all we discuss is between u and i only.
I am in bus on the way to calicut
Hey hun-onbus goin 2 meet him. He wants 2go out 4a meal but I donyt feel like it cuz have 2 get last bus home!But hes sweet latelyxxx
Not to worry. I'm sure you'll get it.
*deep sigh* ... I miss you :-( ... I am really surprised you haven't gone to the net cafe yet to get to me ... Don't you miss me?
Hey i will be late ah... Meet you at 945+
He like not v shock leh. Cos telling shuhui is like telling leona also. Like dat almost all know liao. He got ask me abt ur reaction lor.
Don't worry, * is easy once have ingredients!
Somewhr someone is surely made 4 u. And God has decided a perfect time to make u meet dat person. . . . till den, . . . . . Enjoy ur crushes..!!!;-)
Aight, lemme know what's up
Pls speak to that customer machan.
I'm not sure, I was just checking out what was happening around the area
Would really appreciate if you call me. Just need someone to talk to.
Goodmorning, today i am late for  <;DECIMAL>; min.
R we still meeting 4 dinner tonight?
Sent me ur email id soon
Thanx u darlin!im cool thanx. A few bday drinks 2 nite. 2morrow off! Take care c u soon.xxx
Aiyo... U always c our ex one... I dunno abt mei, she haven reply... First time u reply so fast... Y so lucky not workin huh, got bao by ur sugardad ah...gee.. 
Merry Christmas to you too babe, i love ya *kisses*
As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
Probably, want to pick up more?
U having lunch alone? I now so bored...
Do you know what Mallika Sherawat did yesterday? Find out now @  <;URL>;
Not sure I have the stomach for it ...
Well that must be a pain to catch
You still at grand prix?
Prepare to be pounded every night...
You see the requirements please
Sorry to trouble u again. Can buy 4d for my dad again? 1405, 1680, 1843. All 2 big 1 small, sat n sun. Thanx.
How are you enjoying this semester? Take care brother.
Amazing : If you rearrange these letters it gives the same meaning... Dormitory = Dirty room Astronomer = Moon starer The eyes = They see Election results = Lies lets recount Mother-in-law = Woman Hitler Eleven plus two =Twelve plus one Its Amazing... !:-)
As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
You are a great role model. You are giving so much and i really wish each day for a miracle but God as a reason for everything and i must say i wish i knew why but i dont. I've looked up to you since i was young and i still do. Have a great day.
Keep my payasam there if rinu brings
Just now saw your message.it k da:)
Its ok chikku, and its my 1 of favourite song..:-)
Good morning princess! Happy New Year!
Fuck babe, I miss you sooooo much !! I wish you were here to sleep with me ... My bed is so lonely ... I go now, to sleep ... To dream of you, my love ...
* Thought I didn't see you.
Should i buy him a blackberry bold 2 or torch. Should i buy him new or used. Let me know. Plus are you saying i should buy the  <;#>; g wifi ipad. And what are you saying about the about the  <;#>; g?
Nice.nice.how is it working?
Can i get your opinion on something first?
Will be out of class in a few hours. Sorry
K give me a sec, breaking a  <;#>;  at cstore
Its a part of checking IQ
Did you show him and wot did he say or could u not c him 4 dust?
I want to sent  <;#>; mesages today. Thats y. Sorry if i hurts
I am going to sleep. I am tired of travel.
Yes. that will be fine. Love you. Be safe.
I'm at home n ready...
Does not operate after  <;#>;  or what
True. It is passable. And if you get a high score and apply for phd, you get 5years of salary. So it makes life easier.
Doing my masters. When will you buy a bb cos i have for sale and how's bf
A bloo bloo bloo I'll miss the first bowl
Aight, you close by or still down around alex's place?
Another month. I need chocolate weed and alcohol.
Thats the thing with apes, u can fight to the death to keep something, but the minute they have it when u let go, thats it!
K and you're sure I don't have to have consent forms to do it :V
There bold 2  <;#>; . Is that yours
Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish.
Dear relieved of westonzoyland, all going to plan this end too!
Good stuff, will do.
Pls send me the correct name da.
Jus came back fr lunch wif my sis only. U leh?
Urgh, coach hot, smells of chip fat! Thanks again, especially for the duvet (not a predictive text word).
Got it! It looks scrumptious... daddy wants to eat you all night long!
K:)i will give my kvb acc details:)
THANX4 TODAY CER IT WAS NICE 2 CATCH UP BUT WE AVE 2 FIND MORE TIME MORE OFTEN OH WELL TAKE CARE C U SOON.C
Got hella gas money, want to go on a grand nature adventure with galileo in a little bit?
Lol that's different. I don't go trying to find every real life photo you ever took.
On the way to office da..
Aiyah sorry lor... I watch tv watch until i forgot 2 check my phone.
Please attend the phone:)
My drive can only be read. I need to write
Its like that hotel dusk game i think. You solve puzzles in a area thing
Sorry man, accidentally left my phone on silent last night and didn't check it til I got up
Goodo! Yes we must speak friday - egg-potato ratio for tortilla needed! 
Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
Sounds gd... Haha... Can... Wah, u yan jiu so fast liao...
4 tacos + 1 rajas burrito, right?
Or maybe my fat fingers just press all these buttons and it doesn't know what to do.
Hey r _ still online? I've finished the formatting...
Cool, what time you think you can get here?
Am not working but am up to eyes in philosophy so will text u later when a bit more free for chat...
Japanese Proverb: If one Can do it, U too Can do it, If none Can do it,U must do it Indian version: If one Can do it, LET HIM DO it.. If none Can do it,LEAVE it!! And finally Kerala version: If one can do it, Stop him doing it.. If none can do it, Make a strike against it ...
Can you pls pls send me a mail on all you know about relatives coming to deliver here? All you know about costs, risks, benefits and anything else. Thanks.
Ya i knw u vl giv..its ok thanks kano..anyway enjoy wit ur family wit 1st salary..:-);-)
I had it already..sabarish asked me to go..
Not yet. Just i'd like to keep in touch and it will be the easiest way to do that from barcelona. By the way how ru and how is the house?
Hey you around? I've got enough for a half + the ten I owe you
Nope i waiting in sch 4 daddy... 
I accidentally brought em home in the box
Will _ b going to esplanade fr home?
Thank you so much. When we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. Hope you are good. We've given you ultimatum oh! We are countin down to aburo. Enjoy! This is the message i sent days ago
No just send to you. Bec you in temple na.
Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
I love ya too but try and budget your money better babe. Gary would freak on me if he knew
Ok lor thanx...  in school?
U ned to convince him tht its not possible witot hurting his feeling its the main
Hi this is yijue, can i meet u at 11 tmr?
HEY HEY WERETHE MONKEESPEOPLE SAY WE MONKEYAROUND! HOWDY GORGEOUS," HOWU DOIN? FOUNDURSELF A JOBYET SAUSAGE?LOVE JEN XXX"""
Dear good morning now only i am up
Come by our room at some point so we can iron out the plan for this weekend
Life is nothing wen v get everything"". But ""life is everything wen v miss something "". Real value of people wil be realized only in their absence.... gud mrng""
Yes:)sura in sun tv.:)lol.
She's fine. Sends her greetings
Whatsup there. Dont u want to sleep
I'm at bruce &amp; fowler now but I'm in my mom's car so I can't park (long story)
Jolly good! By the way,  will give u tickets for sat eve 7.30. Speak before then x
Nope wif my sis lor... Aft bathing my dog then i can bathe... Looks like it's going 2 rain soon.
I dont have any of your file in my bag..i was in work when you called me.i 'll tell you if i find anything in my room.
Wewa is 130. Iriver 255. All 128 mb.
I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  <;#>; Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. <;#>; lacs..thats my prob
Hello which the site to download songs its urgent pls
Same, I'm at my great aunts anniversary party in tarpon springs
that would be good _ I'll phone you tomo lunchtime, shall I, to organise something?
Speaking of does he have any cash yet?
The world is running and i am still.maybe all are feeling the same,so be it.or i have to admit,i am mad.then where is the correction?or let me call this is life.and keep running with the world,may be u r also running.lets run.
Honey, can you pls find out how much they sell Predicte in Nigeria. And how many times can it be used. Its very important to have a reply before monday
That means you got an A in epi, she.s fine. She.s here now.
Bugis oso near wat... 
How much you got for cleaning
Can you talk with me..
I am taking half day leave bec i am not well
No no:)this is kallis home ground.amla home town is durban:)
To day class is there are no class.
I'll text you when I drop x off
Message:some text missing* Sender:Name Missing* *Number Missing *Sent:Date missing *Missing U a lot thats y everything is missing sent via fullonsms.com
Tell you what, if you make a little spreadsheet and track whose idea it was to smoke to determine who smokes too much"" for the entire month of february"," I'll come up"
Dare i ask... Any luck with sorting out the car?
On the road so cant txt
You have got tallent but you are wasting.
You might want to pull out more just in case and just plan on not spending it if you can, I don't have much confidence in derek and taylor's money management
Why she wants to talk to me
In da car park 
Might ax well im there.
Arun can u transfr me d amt
Hey no I ad a crap nite was borin without ya 2 boggy with me u boring biatch! Thanx but u wait til nxt time il ave ya 
Wow so healthy. Old airport rd lor. Cant thk of anything else. But i'll b bathing my dog later.
Spending new years with my brother and his family. Lets plan to meet next week. Are you ready to be spoiled? :)
No problem. We will be spending a lot of quality time together...
Pity, * was in mood for that. So...any other suggestions?
what I meant to say is cant wait to see u again getting bored of this bridgwater banter
So do you have samus shoulders yet
For real when u getting on yo? I only need 2 more tickets and one more jacket and I'm done. I already used all my multis.
I'm ok. Will do my part tomorrow
Thanks love. But am i doing torch or bold.
Ahhh. Work. I vaguely remember that! What does it feel like? Lol
Idk. You keep saying that you're not, but since he moved, we keep butting heads over freedom vs. responsibility. And i'm tired. I have so much other shit to deal with that i'm barely keeping myself together once this gets added to it.
Pls i wont belive god.not only jesus.
Living is very simple.. Loving is also simple.. Laughing is too simple.. Winning is tooo simple.. But, Being 'SIMPLE' is very difficult...;-) :-)
When you guys planning on coming over?
Ok ill tell the company
Hi Chachi tried calling u now unable to reach u .. Pl give me a missed cal once u c tiz msg  Kanagu
Guess who spent all last night phasing in and out of the fourth dimension
Thanks for loving me so. You rock
Let there be snow. Let there be snow. This kind of weather brings ppl together so friendships can grow.
Do u noe how 2 send files between 2 computers?
Quite late lar... Ard 12 anyway i wun b drivin...
Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
Sorry, I'll call later
I am late,so call you tomorrow morning.take care sweet dreams....u and me...ummifying...bye.
All e best 4 ur driving tmr :-)
Now only i reached home. . . I am very tired now. . I will come tomorro
Its  <;#>; k here oh. Should i send home for sale.
Its too late:)but its k.wish you the same.
Babes I think I got ur brolly I left it in English wil bring it in 2mrw 4 u luv Franxx
Doesn't g have class early tomorrow and thus shouldn't be trying to smoke at  <;#>;
You should change your fb to jaykwon thuglyfe falconerf
Merry christmas to u too annie!
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
I couldn't say no as he is a dying man and I feel sad for him so I will go and I just wanted you to know I would probably be gone late into your night
Hey!!! I almost forgot ... Happy B-day babe ! I love ya!!
Huh but i cant go 2 ur house empty handed right?
Eh den sat u book e kb liao huh...
I don't think I can get away for a trek that long with family in town, sorry
Whats that coming over the hill..... Is it a monster! Hope you have a great day. Things r going fine here, busy though! 
Then ur sis how?
Text her. If she doesnt reply let me know so i can have her log in
The length is e same but e top shorter n i got a fringe now. I thk i'm not going liao. Too lazy. Dun wan 2 distract u also.
But am going to college pa. What to do. are else ill come there it self. Pa.
Please give it 2  or i will pick it up on Tuesday evening about 8 if that is ok.
I sent them. Do you like?
Who u talking about?
No I don't have cancer. Moms making a big deal out of a regular checkup aka pap smear
So why didnt you holla?
They finally came to fix the ceiling.
I will be gentle baby! Soon you will be taking all  <;#>;  inches deep inside your tight pussy...
But i have to. I like to have love and arrange.
Lol. Well quality aint bad at all so i aint complaining
There is a first time for everything :)
I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
Is that on the telly? No its Brdget Jones!
No drama Pls.i have had enough from you and family while i am struggling in the hot sun in a strange place.No reason why there should be an ego of not going 'IF NOT INVITED' when actually its necessity to go.wait for very serious reppurcussions.
Am i that much bad to avoid like this?
Yup. Izzit still raining heavily cos i'm in e mrt i can't c outside.
I'm not driving... Raining! Then i'll get caught at e mrt station lor.
Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng
This message is from a great Doctor in India:-): 1) Do not drink APPY FIZZ. It contains Cancer causing age
And that is the problem. You walk around in julianaland"" oblivious to what is going on around you. I say the same things constantly and they go in one ear and out the other while you go off doing whatever you want to do. It's not that you don't know why I'm upset--it's that you don't listen when i tell you WHAT is going to upset me. Then you want to be surprised when I'm mad.""
Havent planning to buy later. I check already lido only got 530 show in e afternoon. U finish work already?
life alle mone,eppolum oru pole allalo
Its good to hear from you
Haha good to hear, I'm officially paid and on the market for an 8th
Wn u r hurt by d prsn who s close 2 u, do fight wit dem. Coz somtimes dis fight saves a relation bt being quiet leaves nothin in a relation.. Gud eveB-)
Cool, text me when you're ready
My sis is catching e show in e afternoon so i'm not watching w her. So c u wan 2 watch today or tmr lor.
How are you doing. How's the queen. Are you going for the royal wedding
Getting tickets 4 walsall tue 6 th march. My mate is getting me them on sat. ill pay my treat. Want 2 go. Txt bak .Terry""""
Gosh that , what a pain. Spose I better come then.
Was it something u ate?
I dont know oh. Hopefully this month.
House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  <;#>; th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..understand?
Ok i also wan 2 watch e 9 pm show...
No it will reach by 9 only. She telling she will be there. I dont know
Sir, hope your day is going smoothly. i really hoped i wont have to bother you about this. I have some bills that i can't settle this month. I am out of all extra cash. I know this is a challenging time for you also but i have to let you know.
It shall be fine. I have avalarr now. Will hollalater
Oh did you charge camera
O ic lol. Should play 9 doors sometime yo
Good afternoon, my love ! Any job prospects ? Are you missing me ? What do you do ? Are you being lazy and bleak, hmmm ? Or happy and filled with my love ?
I'm working technical support :)voice process.
Cant think of anyone with * spare room off * top of my head
Goodmorning, today i am late for 1hr.
Boo I'm on my way to my moms. She's making tortilla soup. Yummmm
Wishing you and your family Merry X"" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance..""
Yeah, probably earlier than that
Lol wtf random. Btw is that your lunch break
Stupid.its not possible
Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
Good afternoon, babe. How goes that day ? Any job prospects yet ? I miss you, my love ... *sighs* ... :-(
Oh...i asked for fun. Haha...take care. _
Ahhhh...just woken up!had a bad dream about u tho,so i dont like u right now :) i didnt know anything about comedy night but i guess im up for it.
Good. do you think you could send me some pix? I would love to see your top and bottom...
Yes I know the cheesy songs from frosty the snowman :)
1) Go to write msg 2) Put on Dictionary mode 3)Cover the screen with hand, 4)Press  <;#>; . 5)Gently remove Ur hand.. Its interesting..:)
Chinatown got porridge, claypot rice, yam cake, fishhead beehoon... Either we eat cheap den go cafe n tok or go nydc or somethin...
Wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
Why don't you wait 'til at least wednesday to see if you get your .
I like to talk pa but am not able to. I dont know y.
How are you babes. Hope your doing ok. I had a shit nights sleep. I fell asleep at 5.Im knackered and im dreading work tonight. What are thou upto tonight. X
Ok lor... Sony ericsson salesman... I ask shuhui then she say quite gd 2 use so i considering...
Ron say fri leh. N he said ding tai feng cant make reservations. But he said wait lor.
K..k.:)congratulation ..
Dear all, as we know  <;#>; th is the  <;#>; th birthday of our loving Gopalettan. We are planning to give a small gift on that day. Those who like to participate in that you are welcome. Please contact our admin team for more details
I wish u were here. I feel so alone
Hey, I missed you tm of last night as my phone was on the charge ... *smiles* ... I am meeting a friend shortly
Thank you princess! I want to see your nice juicy booty...
Would me smoking you out help us work through this difficult time
MMM ... Fuck .... Merry Christmas to me
Well I'm going to be an aunty!
No got new job at bar in airport on satsgettin 4.47per hour but means no lie in! keep in touch
Lul im gettin some juicy gossip at the hospital. Two nurses are talking about how fat they are gettin. And one thinks shes obese. Oyea.
Realy sorry-i don't recognise this number and am now confused :) who r u please?! 
Should I have picked up a receipt or something earlier
But really quite funny lor wat... Then u shd haf run shorter distance wat...
Hey sexy buns ! Have I told you ? I adore you, loverboy. I hope you remember to thank your sister in law for those meatballs *grins* ... i love you, babe
Wa... U so efficient... Gee... Thanx...
Ugh fuck it I'm resubbing to eve
Was gr8 to see that message. So when r u leaving? Congrats dear. What school and wat r ur plans.
Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng
Also that chat was awesome but don't make it regular unless you can see her in person
 what number do u live at? Is it 11?
But i'll b going 2 sch on mon. My sis need 2 take smth.
The house is on the water with a dock, a boat rolled up with a newscaster who dabbles in jazz flute behind the wheel
Lol your right. What diet? Everyday I cheat anyway. I'm meant to be a fatty :(
Yeah but which is worse for i
Do _ noe if ben is going?
Aight, let me know when you're gonna be around usf
Happy valentines day"" I know its early but i have hundreds of handsomes and beauties to wish. So i thought to finish off aunties and uncles 1st...""
Ok i've sent u da latest version of da project.
So check your errors and if you had difficulties, do correction.
I will see in half an hour
Omg if its not one thing its another. My cat has worms :/ when does this bad day end?
Text me when you get off, don't call, my phones having problems
What's up. Do you want me to come online?
Y bishan lei... I tot _ say lavender? 
Gumby's has a special where a  <;#>;  cheese pizza is $2 so I know what we're doin tonight""
I can make lasagna for you... vodka...
Yes ammae....life takes lot of turns you can only sit and try to hold the steering...
Ha... Both of us doing e same thing. But i got tv 2 watch. U can thk of where 2 go tonight or u already haf smth in mind...
Thnx dude. u guys out 2nite?
I'm home.
A little. Meds say take once every 8 hours. It's only been 5 but pain is back. So I took another. Hope I don't die
Sounds good, keep me posted
The LAY MAN! Just to let you know you are missed and thought off. Do have a great day. And if you can send me bimbo and ugo's numbers, ill appreciate. Safe
Hi elaine, is today's meeting confirmed?
LOL ... No just was busy
Mm so you asked me not to call radio
I dont have i shall buy one dear
What happen dear tell me
I wont do anything de.
at bruce b downs &amp; fletcher now
Yup, leaving right now, be back soon
I am going to film 2day da. At 6pm. Sorry da.
Waiting for your call.
Sent me ur email id soon
Hey...Great deal...Farm tour 9am to 5pm $95/pax, $50 deposit by 16 May
I don't know, same thing that's wrong everyso often, he panicks starts goin on bout not bein good enough _
It so happens that there r 2waxsto do wat you want. She can come and ill get her medical insurance. And she'll be able to deliver and have basic care. I'm currently shopping for the right medical insurance for her. So just give me til friday morning. Thats when i.ll see the major person that can guide me to the right insurance.
I will come to ur home now
All e best 4 ur exam later.
You can never do NOTHING
hiya hows it going in sunny africa? hope u r avin a good time. give that big old silver back a big kiss from me.
How was txting and driving
Not yet chikku..k, then wat abt tht guy did he stopped irritating or msging to u..
Ela kano.,il download, come wen ur free..
As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
DO U WANT 2 MEET UP 2MORRO
Japanese Proverb: If one Can do it, U too Can do it, If none Can do it,U must do it Indian version: If one Can do it, LET HIM DO it.. If none Can do it,LEAVE it!! And finally Kerala version: If one can do it, Stop him doing it.. If none can do it, Make a strike against it ...
Mum, i've sent you many many messages since i got here. I just want to know that you are actually getting them. Do enjoy the rest of your day.
Well you told others you'd marry them...
Ok i wont call or disturb any one. I know all are avoiding me. I am a burden for all
Its a part of checking IQ
Sorry, I'll call later
If you r @ home then come down within 5 min
Send me your id and password
Mmmm ... Fuck ... Not fair ! You know my weaknesses ! *grins* *pushes you to your knee's* *exposes my belly and pulls your head to it* Don't forget ... I know yours too *wicked smile*
Huh y lei...
That's a shame! Maybe cld meet for few hrs tomo?
Cool. I am  <;#>;  inches long. hope you like them big!
The message sent is askin for  <;#>; dollars. Shoul i pay  <;#>;  or  <;#>; ?
As if i wasn't having enough trouble sleeping.
A guy who gets used but is too dumb to realize it.
Let me know when you've got the money so carlos can make the call
HIYA COMIN 2 BRISTOL 1 ST WEEK IN APRIL. LES GOT OFF + RUDI ON NEW YRS EVE BUT I WAS SNORING.THEY WERE DRUNK! U BAK AT COLLEGE YET? MY WORK SENDS INK 2 BATH.
By the way, make sure u get train to worc foregate street not shrub hill. Have fun night x
Huh so early.. Then _ having dinner outside izzit?
The table's occupied, I'm waiting by the tree
After completed degree. There is no use in joining finance.
That's necessarily respectful
Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
Its a site to simulate the test. It just gives you very tough questions to test your readiness.
Ok.
Good FRIENDS CaRE for each Other.. CLoSE Friends UNDERSTaND each Other... and TRUE Friends STaY forever beyond words, beyond time. Gud ni8
Yeah, that's fine! It's 6 to get in, is that ok? 
MOON has come to color your dreams, STARS to make them musical and my SMS to give you warm and Peaceful Sleep. Good Night
Very hurting n meaningful lines ever: I compromised everything for my love," But at d end my love compromised me for everything:-("".. Gud mornin:-)"
Lol where do u come up with these ideas?
Do you work all this week ?
No current and food here. I am alone also
Sorry, my battery died, I can come by but I'm only getting a gram for now, where's your place?
How do you guys go to see movies on your side.
Leaving to qatar tonite in search of an opportunity.all went fast.pls add me in ur prayers dear.Rakhesh
Also hi wesley how've you been
Thanks for yesterday sir. You have been wonderful. Hope you enjoyed the burial. MojiBiola
But i haf enuff space got like 4 mb...
As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
Best line said in Love: . I will wait till the day I can forget u Or The day u realize that u cannot forget me.""... Gn""
I keep seeing weird shit and bein all woah"" then realising it's actually reasonable and I'm all ""oh""""
Why de. You looking good only:-)..
Watching cartoon, listening music &amp; at eve had to go temple &amp; church.. What about u?
Waiting in e car 4 my mum lor. U leh? Reach home already?
I'm in solihull, | do you want anything?
K still are you loving me.
Hello.How u doing?What u been up 2?When will u b moving out of the flat, cos I will need to arrange to pick up the lamp, etc. Take care. Hello caroline!
Hi Dear Call me its urgnt. I don't know whats your problem. You don't want to work or if you have any other problem at least tell me. Wating for your reply.
You lifted my hopes with the offer of money. I am in need. Especially when the end of the month approaches and it hurts my studying. Anyways have a gr8 weekend
LOOK AT AMY URE A BEAUTIFUL, INTELLIGENT WOMAN AND I LIKE U A LOT. I KNOW U DONT LIKE ME LIKE THAT SO DONT WORRY.
For real tho this sucks. I can't even cook my whole electricity is out. And I'm hungry.
Am in film ill call you later.
Yes! I am a one woman man! Please tell me your likes and dislikes in bed...
Are you at work right now ?
Good afternoon starshine! How's my boytoy? Does he crave me yet? Ache to fuck me ? *sips cappuccino* I miss you babe *teasing kiss*
OK i'm waliking ard now... Do u wan me 2 buy anything go ur house?
Wot u up 2? Thout u were gonna call me!! Txt bak luv K
Hi missed your Call and my mumHas beendropping red wine all over theplace! what is your adress?""""
My exam is for february 4. Wish you a great day.
Yeah sure, give me a couple minutes to track down my wallet
If we win its really no 1 side for long time.
Then just eat a shit and wait for ur monkey face bitch.......... U asshole..................
Draw va?i dont think so:)
Hi Chikku, send some nice msgs
I tot u reach liao. He said t-shirt.
Well its not like you actually called someone a punto. That woulda been worse.
Cool, text me when you're parked
Going to take your babe out ?
Hi. Wk been ok - on hols now! Yes on for a bit of a run. Forgot that i have hairdressers appointment at four so need to get home n shower beforehand. Does that cause prob for u?
Painful words- I thought being Happy was the most toughest thing on Earth... But," the toughest is acting Happy with all unspoken pain inside.."""
Short But Cute :  Be a good person ," but dont try to prove"" ..... Gud mrng..."
Okay... We wait ah
Networking job is there.
Oic cos me n my sis got no lunch today my dad went out... So dunno whether 2 eat in sch or wat...
Aiyar sorry lor forgot 2 tell u...
No dice, art class 6 thru 9 :( thanks though. Any idea what time I should come tomorrow?
Lets use it next week, princess :)
Cos i was out shopping wif darren jus now n i called him 2 ask wat present he wan lor. Then he started guessing who i was wif n he finally guessed darren lor.
Love isn't a decision, it's a feeling. If we could decide who to love, then, life would be much simpler, but then less magical
Ok. Every night take a warm bath drink a cup of milk and you'll see a work of magic. You still need to loose weight. Just so that you know
Yup ok...
Dont know you bring some food
You please give us connection today itself before  <;DECIMAL>;  or refund the bill
Have you had a good day? Mine was really busy are you up to much tomorrow night?
I wonder how you got online, my love ? Had you gone to the net cafe ? Did you get your phone recharged ? Were you on a friends net ? I think of you, boytoy
(That said can you text him one more time?)
Yeah just open chat and click friend lists. Then make the list. Easy as pie
K ill drink.pa then what doing. I need srs model pls send it to my mail id pa.
R u meeting da ge at nite tmr?
Watching tv lor. Nice one then i like lor.
Rightio. 11.48 it is then. Well arent we all up bright and early this morning.
I sent you the prices and do you mean the  <;#>; g,
Went fast asleep dear.take care.
alright babe," justthought id sayhey! how u doin?nearly the endof me wk offdam nevamind!We will have 2Hook up sn if uwant m8? loveJen x."""
I havent add _ yet right.. 
Shhhhh nobody is supposed to know!
No my blankets are sufficient, thx
Cos daddy arranging time c wat time fetch _ mah...
Hey now am free you can call me.
Yo you guys ever figure out how much we need for alcohol? Jay and I are trying to figure out how much we can safely spend on weed
on a Tuesday night r u 4 real
Oooh bed ridden ey? What are YOU thinking of?
Sorry sent blank msg again. Yup but trying 2 do some serious studying now.
I am not sure about night menu. . . I know only about noon menu
It doesnt make sense to take it there unless its free. If you need to know more, wikipedia.com
Happy new year. Hope you are having a good semester
Hey next sun 1030 there's a basic yoga course... at bugis... We can go for that... Pilates intro next sat.... Tell me what time you r free
Takin a shower now but yeah I'll leave when I'm done
God picked up a flower and dippeditinaDEW, lovingly touched itwhichturnedinto u, and the he gifted tomeandsaid,THIS FRIEND IS 4U
Now i'm going for lunch.
You know what hook up means right?
How much is torch in 9ja.
Nah I don't think he goes to usf, he lives around here though
Oh baby of the house. How come you dont have any new pictures on facebook
K, want us to come by now?
No it was cancelled yeah baby! Well that sounds important so i understand my darlin give me a ring later on this fone love Kate x
Ok... Ur typical reply...
Shall i ask one thing if you dont mistake me.
Am okay. Will soon be over. All the best
I absolutely LOVE South Park! I only recently started watching the office.
And also I've sorta blown him off a couple times recently so id rather not text him out of the blue looking for weed
I'm so in love with you. I'm excited each day i spend with you. You make me so happy.
S:)s.nervous  <;#>; :)
Nobody names their penis a girls name this story doesn't add up at all
I am great! How are you?
Like I made him throw up when we were smoking in our friend's car one time, it was awesome
It's ok lar. U sleep early too... Nite...
Hiya do u like the hlday pics looked horrible in them so took mo out! Hows the camp Amrca thing? Speak soon Serena:)
Playin space poker, u?
Mm you ask him to come its enough :-)
Then cant get da laptop? My matric card wif _ lei... 
Argh why the fuck is nobody in town ;_;
Yo my trip got postponed, you still stocked up?
Tomorrow i am not going to theatre. . . So i can come wherever u call me. . . Tell me where and when to come tomorrow
Just finished eating. Got u a plate. NOT leftovers this time.
I know she called me
K.k:)apo k.good movie.
Are you up for the challenge? I know i am :)
Lara said she can loan me  <;#>; .
Waaaat?? Lololo ok next time then!
And stop wondering wow is she ever going to stop tm'ing me ?!"" because I will tm you whenever I want because you are MINE ... *laughs*""
I thought i'd get him a watch, just cos thats the kind of thing u get4an18th. And he loves so much!
Pls help me tell Ashley that i cant find her number oh
I said its okay. Sorry
Nice line said by a broken heart- Plz don't cum 1 more times infront of me... Other wise once again I ll trust U... Good 9t:)
Eat at old airport road... But now 630 oredi... Got a lot of pple...
Then _ ask dad to pick _ up lar...  wan 2 stay until 6 meh...
Ok
Sorry I flaked last night, shit's seriously goin down with my roommate, what you up to tonight?
Come to medical college at 7pm ......forward it da
Joy's father is John. Then John is the ____ of Joy's father. If u ans ths you hav  <;#>;  IQ. Tis s IAS question try to answer.
Yeah if we do have to get a random dude we need to change our info sheets to PARTY  <;#>; /7 NEVER STUDY just to be safe
Helloooo... Wake up..! Sweet"" ""morning"" ""welcomes"" ""You"" ""Enjoy"" ""This Day"" ""with full of joy"".. ""GUD MRNG"".""
ILL B DOWN SOON
Also are you bringing galileo or dobby
U R THE MOST BEAUTIFUL GIRL IVE EVER SEEN. U R MY BABY COME AND C ME IN THE COMMON ROOM
Oh. U must have taken your REAL Valentine out shopping first.
Do you want bold 2 or bb torch
Thanks for being there for me just to talk to on saturday. You are very dear to me. I cherish having you as a brother and role model.
Is it your yahoo boys that bring in the perf? Or legal.
No management puzzeles.
Yar lor... How u noe? U used dat route too?
Hi Petey!noim ok just wanted 2 chat coz avent spoken 2 u 4 a long time-hope ur doin alrite.have good nit at js love ya am.x
Faith makes things possible,Hope makes things work,Love makes things beautiful,May you have all three this Christmas!Merry Christmas!
Reverse is cheating. That is not mathematics.
Omg you can make a wedding chapel in frontierville? Why do they get all the good stuff?
Ooh, 4got, i'm gonna start belly dancing in moseley weds 6.30 if u want 2 join me, they have a cafe too. 
Becoz its  <;#>;  jan whn al the post ofice is in holiday so she cn go fr the post ofice...got it duffer
Slaaaaave ! Where are you ? Must I summon you to me all the time now ? Don't you wish to come to me on your own anymore?
Yup i thk cine is better cos no need 2 go down 2 plaza mah.
Hi, can i please get a  <;#>;  dollar loan from you. I.ll pay you back by mid february. Pls.
That's what I love to hear :V see you sundayish, then
Wylie update: my weed dealer carlos went to freedom and had a class with lunsford
No de.am seeing in online shop so that i asked.
Sary just need Tim in the bollox &it hurt him a lot so he tol me!
Yeah go on then, bored and depressed sittin waitin for phone to ring... Hope the wind drops though, scary
Message:some text missing* Sender:Name Missing* *Number Missing *Sent:Date missing *Missing U a lot thats y everything is missing sent via fullonsms.com
Cool. Do you like swimming? I have a pool and jacuzzi at my house.
Lil fever:) now fine:)
R u saying i should re order the slippers cos i had to pay for returning it.
I wait 4 _ inside da car park...
When should I come over?
Hmm thinking lor...
Lol I would but my mom would have a fit and tell the whole family how crazy and terrible I am
Did you stitch his trouser
Hey! do u fancy meetin me at 4 at cha  hav a lil beverage on me. if not txt or ring me and we can meet up l8r. quite tired got in at 3 v.pist ;) love Pete x x x""""
Love that holiday Monday feeling even if I have to go to the dentists in an hour
You are everywhere dirt, on the floor, the windows, even on my shirt. And sometimes when i open my mouth, you are all that comes flowing out. I dream of my world without you, then half my chores are out too. A time of joy for me, lots of tv shows i.ll see. But i guess like all things you just must exist, like rain, hail and mist, and when my time here is done, you and i become one.
Sorry, I'll call later
HI DARLIN IM MISSIN U HOPE YOU ARE HAVING A GOOD TIME. WHEN ARE U BACK AND WHAT TIME IF U CAN GIVE ME A CALL AT HOME. JESS XX
great princess! I love giving and receiving oral. Doggy style is my fave position. How about you? I enjoy making love  <;#>;  times per night :)
Good Morning plz call me sir
Tell me something. Thats okay.
Ok i shall talk to him
Y lei?
Ooooooh I forgot to tell u I can get on yoville on my phone
No i am not having not any movies in my laptop
Its 6 to get in, is that ok?
Yeah, we got one lined up for us
Feel Yourself That You Are Always Happy.. Slowly It Becomes Your Habit &amp; Finally It Becomes Part Of Your Life.. Follow It.. Happy Morning &amp; Have A Happy Day:)
SO IS TH GOWER MATE WHICH IS WHERE I AM!?! HOW R U MAN? ALL IS GOOD IN WALES ILL B BACK MORROW. C U THIS WK? WHO WAS THE MSG 4?  RANDOM!
Fine i miss you very much.
No one interested. May be some business plan.
Do you like Italian food?
Sorry my roommates took forever, it ok if I come by now?
K..k..any special today?
Please don't text me anymore. I have nothing else to say.
Get me out of this dump heap. My mom decided to come to lowes. BORING.
Having lunch:)you are not in online?why?
I'm really sorry i won't b able 2 do this friday.hope u can find an alternative.hope yr term's going ok:-)
Today is song dedicated day.."" Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me...""
I forgot 2 ask _ all smth.. There's a card on da present lei... How?  all want 2 write smth or sign on it?
U r too much close to my heart. If u go away i will be shattered. Plz stay with me.
Miserable. They don't tell u that the side effects of birth control are massive gut wrenching cramps for the first 2 months. I didn't sleep at all last night.
Hey sorry I didntgive ya a a bellearlier hunny,"just been in bedbut mite go 2 thepub l8tr if uwana mt up?loads a luv Jenxxx."""
Bloody hell, cant believe you forgot my surname Mr . Ill give u a clue, its spanish and begins with m... 
When did you get to the library
Babe! I fucking love you too !! You know? Fuck it was so good to hear your voice. I so need that. I crave it. I can't get enough. I adore you, Ahmad *kisses*
make that 3! 4 fucks sake?! x
Do you know where my lab goggles went
Thank you. And by the way, I just lost.
That's cool he'll be here all night, lemme know when you're around
Wat uniform? In where get?
You call him and tell now infront of them. Call him now.
Total video converter free download type this in google search:)
Tiwary to rcb.battle between bang and kochi.
You are a very very very very bad girl. Or lady.
That's y i said it's bad dat all e gals know u... Wat u doing now?
Our Prashanthettan's mother passed away last night. pray for her and family.
Sorry, I can't help you on this.
Where are you ? You said you would be here when I woke ... :-(
See you there! 
Oh, i will get paid. The most outstanding one is for a commercial i did for Hasbro...in AUGUST! They made us jump through so many hoops to get paid. Still not.
Which channel:-):-):):-).
Yes:)here tv is always available in work place..
His bday real is in april .
What does the dance river do?
Do you always celebrate NY's with your family ?
Lol for real. She told my dad I have cancer
I'll see if I can swing by in a bit, got some things to take care of here firsg
2mro i am not coming to gym machan. Goodnight.
Hmmm... Guess we can go 4 kb n power yoga... Haha, dunno we can tahan power yoga anot... Thk got lo oso, forgot liao...
Thank you. do you generally date the brothas?
Yeah I think my usual guy's still passed out from last night, if you get ahold of anybody let me know and I'll throw down
 came to look at the flat, seems ok, in his 50s? * Is away alot wiv work. Got woman coming at 6.30 too.
Hey babe! I saw you came online for a second and then you disappeared, what happened ?
Ok... The theory test? when are _ going to book? I think it's on 21 may. Coz thought wanna go out with jiayin. But she isnt free
Hey you can pay. With salary de. Only  <;#>; .
Dun b sad.. It's over.. Dun thk abt it already. Concentrate on ur other papers k.
You getting back any time soon?
Small problem in auction:)punj now asking tiwary
Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish. As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there. She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife, My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!
I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
This is hoping you enjoyed your game yesterday. Sorry i've not been in touch but pls know that you are fondly bein thot off. Have a great week. Abiola
Mah b, I'll pick it up tomorrow
Lmao but its so fun...
Thanks for your message. I really appreciate your sacrifice. I'm not sure of the process of direct pay but will find out on my way back from the test tomorrow. I'm in class now. Do have a wonderful day.
I want to tel u one thing u should not mistake me k THIS IS THE MESSAGE THAT YOU SENT:)
Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish. As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there. She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife, My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!
Hahaha..use your brain dear
Where you. What happen
I dont know why she.s not getting your messages
Yo, the game almost over? Want to go to walmart soon
I'm taking derek &amp; taylor to walmart, if I'm not back by the time you're done just leave the mouse on my desk and I'll text you when priscilla's ready
Please protect yourself from e-threats. SIB never asks for sensitive information like Passwords,ATM/SMS PIN thru email. Never share your password with anybody.
As per your request 'Maangalyam (Alaipayuthe)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
Actually i deleted my old website..now i m blogging at magicalsongs.blogspot.com
The Xmas story is peace.. The Xmas msg is love.. The Xmas miracle is jesus.. Hav a blessed month ahead &amp; wish U Merry Xmas...
Da my birthdate in certificate is in april but real date is today. But dont publish it. I shall give you a special treat if you keep the secret. Any way thanks for the wishes
They will pick up and drop in car.so no problem..
Me too! Have a lovely night xxx
Aight, see you in a bit
You've already got a flaky parent. It'snot supposed to be the child's job to support the parent...not until they're The Ride age anyway. I'm supposed to be there to support you. And now i've hurt you. unintentional. But hurt nonetheless.
Bishan lar nearer... No need buy so early cos if buy now i gotta park my car...
Hello beautiful r u ok? I've kinda ad a row wiv and he walked out the pub?? I wanted a night wiv u Miss u 
Ok going to sleep. Hope i can meet her.
Fffff. Can you text kadeem or are you too far gone
Not for possession, especially not first offense
When did dad get back.
Yoyyooo u know how to change permissions for a drive in mac. My usb flash drive
There are no other charges after transfer charges and you can withdraw anyhow you like
Hurt me... Tease me... Make me cry... But in the end of my life when i die plz keep one rose on my grave and say STUPID I MISS U.. HAVE A NICE DAY BSLVYL
Havent shopping now lor i juz arrive only
R _ going 4 today's meeting?
So i'm doing a list of buyers.
Can _ all decide faster cos my sis going home liao..
* Will have two more cartons off u and is very pleased with shelves
R u still working now?
Ok.
Set a place for me in your heart and not in your mind, as the mind easily forgets but the heart will always remember. Wish you Happy Valentines Day!
Anything lar then _ not going home 4 dinner?
Sorry, I can't help you on this.
Are you there in room.
I am joining today formally.Pls keep praying.will talk later.
I'm going for bath will msg you next  <;#>;  min..
Ah, well that confuses things, doesnt it?
Check mail.i have mailed varma and kept copy to you regarding membership.take care.insha allah.
Sorry . I will be able to get to you. See you in the morning.
Nothing but we jus tot u would ask cos u ba gua... But we went mt faber yest... Yest jus went out already mah so today not going out... Jus call lor...
I'm vivek:)i got call from your number.
I'm okay. Chasing the dream. What's good. What are you doing next.
No dear i do have free messages without any recharge. Hi hi hi
Fine am simply sitting.
Wanna do some art?! :D
I've got ten bucks, jay is being noncomittal
Oh k:)after that placement there ah?
Watching cartoon, listening music &amp; at eve had to go temple &amp; church.. What about u?
Ok pa. Nothing problem:-)
* Was a nice day and, impressively, i was sensible, went home early and now feel fine. Or am i just boring?! When's yours, i can't remember.
Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
