Peace is a lie. There is only passion. Through passion I gain strength. Through strength I gain power. Through power I gain victory. Through victory my chains are broken. The Force shall set me free.

Do you feel it? Do you feel the power of the dark side? The only real power! The only thing worth living for!

Equality is a lie, a myth to appease the masses. Simply look around and you will see the lie for what it is! 

There are those with power, those with the strength and will to lead. And there are those meant to follow: those incapable of anything but servitude and a meager, worthless existence.

Without strife, your victory has no meaning. Without strife, you do not advance. Without strife, there is only stagnation.

I have studied you, and found nothing but weakness.

Evil is a word used by the ignorant and the weak. The dark side is about survival. It's about unleashing your inner power. It glorifies the strength of the individual.

I can use my powers to conjure up your worst nightmares and bring them to life before your eyes. I can drive you mad with fear, shred your sanity, and leave you a raving lunatic for the rest of your life.

This is the way of our Order. An individual may die, but the Sith are eternal

It has been said that anyone who knows the ways of the Force can set her or himself up as a King on any world where only she or he knows the ways of the Force. Any Jedi could do this. But the Jedi, fools that they are, adhere to a religion in which the Force is used only in the service of others. How shortsighted of them. Is that not why they lost the galaxy to the dark side?

Oh no, my young Jedi. You will find that it is you who are mistaken, about a great many things.

Everything of significance is the result of conquest.

Through us, the powers of chaos are harnessed and exploited. Dark times don't simply emerge, Sidious. Enlightened beings, guiding intelligences manipulate events to bring about a storm that will deliver power into the hands of an elite group willing to make the hard choices the Republic fears to make. Beings may elect their leaders, but the Force has elected us.

You must begin by gaining power over yourself; then another; then a group, an order, a world, a species, a group of species finally, the galaxy itself.

The power of the dark side is an illness no true Sith would wish to be cured of.

Here in my meditation chamber I can see the galaxy in my mind's eye; I can visualize vast armies, powerful fleets, invincible warriors and with Sith arts, my imagination can make them real!

Don't be too proud of this technological terror youve constructed. The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant next to the power of the Force.

To we who dwell in the Force, normal life is little more than pretense. Our only actions of significance are those we undertake in service to the dark side.

To be a Sith is to taste freedom and to know victory.

Fear. Fear attracts the fearful. The strong. The weak. The innocent. The corrupt. Fear. Fear is my ally.

You are no more powerful than you make yourself. If you see yourself as having weakness, you are simply increasing the problem. It's a self-fulfilling prophecy.

We will disperse into the galaxy in small numbers, masking ourselves, hiding amidst the enemy. We will infiltrate governments on every planet. All must be brought down for something new to be created. Together or alone, we will slip onto worlds and strike from the shadows. We will be invisible. We will be patient. All that exists will be torn apart from within.

The true test of our philosophy is war; the real measure of our Force mastery is power; the highest truth of Sithism is victory.

To dare to dream of something that has never existed and to make it a reality; to conjure up your deepest fears and darkest hopes; to pursue a vision ruthlessly and without relent; to create the artifacts, ideology and organization of the empires of your mind: this is real black magic, the source of all true power.

No amount of discipline will turn sheep into wolves.

We claim all nations, all planets, all stars they are ours.

Only this have I learned so far, that man needs what is most evil in him for what is best in him that whatever is most evil is his best power and the hardest stone for the highest creator; and that man must become better and more evil.

What is good? All that heightens the feeling of power, the will to power, power itself in man. What is bad? All that proceeds from weakness. What is happiness? The feeling that power increases that a resistance is overcome.

Light will for a time have to be called darkness: this is the path you must tread.

The greatest happiness is to scatter your enemy, to drive him before you, to see his cities reduced to ashes, to see those who love him shrouded in tears, and to gather into your bosom his wives and daughters.

I find your lack of faith disturbing.

When I left you I was but the learner. Now I am the master.

The Force is strong with this one.

No. I am your father.

He will join us or die, my master.

Search your feelings, you know it to be true!

If he could be turned, he would be a powerful ally.

You are unwise to lower your defenses!

You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor!

You were right. You were right about me. Tell your sister, you were right.

Impressive. Most impressive. Obi-Wan has taught you well. You have controlled your fear. Now, release your anger. Only your hatred can destroy me

I've been waiting for you, Obi-wan. We meet again at last. The circle is now complete. When I left you I was but the learner. Now I am the master

You may dispense with the pleasantries, commander. I am here to put you back on schedule

I hope so for your sake, the emperor is not as forgiving as I am.

Don't underestimate the Force.

I find your lack of faith disturbing.

Luke, you can destroy the Emperor. He has foreseen this. It is your destiny. Join me, and together we can rule the galaxy as father and son.

Obi Wan Never told you what happened to your father.

Just for once let me look on you with my OWN eyes.

You underestimate the power of the Dark Side. If you will not fight, then you will meet your destiny.

There is no escape. Don't make me destroy you. Luke, you do not yet realize your importance. You have only begun to discover your power. Join me, and I will complete your training. With our combined strength, we can end this destructive conflict and bring order to the galaxy.

Give yourself to the Dark Side. It is the only way you can save your friends. Yes, your thoughts betray you. Your feelings for them are strong. Especially for sister. 

So, you have a twin sister. Your feelings have now betrayed her, too. Obi-Wan was wise to hide her from me. Now his failure is complete. If you will not turn to the Dark Side then perhaps she will.

What is thy bidding, my master?

Emperor There is a great disturbance in the Force. I have felt it.

We have a new enemy. The young Rebel who destroyed the Death Star. I have no doubt this boy is the offspring of Anakin Skywalker. Search your feelings, Lord Vader. You will know it to be true. He could destroy us.

He's just a boy. Obi-Wan can no longer help him.

The Force is strong with him. The son of Skywalker must not become a Jedi.

If he could be turned, he would become a powerful ally. He would be a great asset. Can it be done?

He will join us or die, master. He will not be permanently damaged.

You may take Captain Solo to Jabba the Hutt after I have Skywalker.

I have altered the deal.  Pray I do not alter it further.

Perhaps I can find new ways to motivate them.

That is correct, Commander. And he is most displeased with your apparent lack of progress.

The Death Star will be completed on schedule.

You have done well, Lord Vader. And now I sense you wish to continue your search for young Skywalker.

Patience, my friend. In time he will seek you out. And when he does, you must bring him before me. He has grown strong. Only together can we turn him to the dark side of the Force.

Everything is proceeding as I have foreseen.

It is of no concern. Soon the Rebellion will be crushed and young Skywalker will be one of us! 

Your work here is finished, my friend. Go out to the command ship and await my orders.

I have felt him, my Master.

I have foreseen it. His compassion for you will be his undoing. He will come to you and
then you will bring him before me.

The Emperor has been expecting you.

Your skills are complete. Indeed, you are powerful, as the Emperor has foreseen.

You don't know the power of the dark side. I must obey my master.

It is too late for me, son. The Emperor will show you the true nature of the Force. He is your master now.

Everything that has transpired has done so according to my design.

I'm afraid the deflector shield will be quite operational when your friends arrive.

From here you will witness the final destruction of the Alliance, and the end of your insignificant Rebellion.

You want this, don't you? The hate is swelling in you now. Take your Jedi weapon. Use it. I am unarmed. Strike me down with it. Give in to your anger. 

With each passing moment, you make yourself more my servant. It is unavoidable. It is your destiny. You, like your father, are now mine!

Your feeble skills are no match for the power of the dark side. 

You have paid the price for your lack of vision.

Now, young Skywalker you will die.

If you will not be turned, you will be destroyed.

Good! Your hate has made you powerful. Now, fulfill your destiny and take your father's place at my side!


Good.  Use your aggressive feelings, boy!  Let the hate flow through you.

Your fleet has lost. And your friends on the Endor moon will not survive. There is no escape, my young apprentice. The Alliance will die, as will your friends.

As you can see, my young apprentice, your friends have failed. Now witness the firepower of this fully armed and operational battle station.

Choose someone as successor and you will inevitably be succeeded. Choose someone hungrier and you will be devoured.

Power is its own purpose. To share it is to dilute it.

I was one of the first of the Sith Lords, one of those who abandoned the Jedi Order to seek a darker path to truth.

Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise, he could use the Force to influence the midi-chlorians to create life. He had such a knowledge of the dark side, he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying.

Darkness is a friend, an ally. Darkness allows us to understand others, to see what they value when they believe no one else is looking. It allows us to be honest with ourselves, to express those values that we would disavow in the light. 

The light blinds us. It is only in the dark that we see clearly, and there is a great dark hidden among these worlds.

I have broken the spine of the galaxy. Sometimes, things must be broken in order to be rebuilt. As I have bent the Force to my will, so I will bend the galaxy and it will know order. My true work is about to begin.

Life, death, the one is the same as the other.

You must begin by gaining power over yourself; then another; then a group, an order, a world, a species, a group of species, finally, the galaxy itself.

There will be no truce. There will be no surrender. I don't care how many die. An example will be made of the deserters. 

Be careful that you do not scheme for scheming's sake. Do not become so enamored of your plotting that you lose sight of your goal.

Don't look so amazed. The Sith were always born and re-born within the ranks of the Jedi.

I know the Jedi from old. They could never share my vision. Two days ago the Jedi Temple on Coruscant fell. Today, at their academy on Ossus, the last of the Jedi will die.

The galaxy writhes in chaos and disorder. It requires a man of vision. I am that man of vision. I am the new Emperor.

Instead of two there is now only one, the Sith Order itself. I have recreated the Sith, Lord Bane, as you once did.

My line continues with a daughter in training on Korriban.

The Sith Empire will burn brightly, like a supernova, dwarfing the complacent Republic. We shall hold the entire galaxy in our grasp.

I am Darth Revan, Dark Lord of the Sith.

Those who use the dark side are also bound to serve it. To understand this is to understand the underlying philosophy of the Sith.

The dark side offers power for power's sake. You must crave it. Covet it. You must seek power above all else, with no reservation or hesitation.

The Force will change you. It will transform you. Some fear this change. The teachings of the Jedi are focused on fighting and controlling this transformation. That is why those who serve the light are limited in what they accomplish.

True power can come only to those who embrace the transformation. There can be no compromise. Mercy, compassion, loyalty: all these things will prevent you from claiming what is rightfully yours. Those who follow the dark side must cast aside these conceits. Those who do not, those who try to walk the path of moderation, will fail, dragged down by their own weakness.

Those who accept the power of the dark side must also accept the challenge of holding on to it. By its very nature the dark side invites rivalry and strife. This is the greatest strength of the Sith: it culls the weak from our order. Yet this rivalry can also be our greatest weakness. The strong must be careful lest they be overwhelmed by the ambitions of those working beneath them in concert. Any master who instructs more than one apprentice in the ways of the dark side is a fool. In time, the apprentices will unite their strengths and overthrow the master. It is inevitable; axiomatic. That is why each master must have only one student.

This is also the reason there can only be one Dark Lord. The Sith must be ruled by a single leader: the very embodiment of the strength and power of the dark side. If the leader grows weak another must rise to seize the mantle. The strong rule; the weak are meant to serve. This is the way it must be.

If you were to face an ancient Sith lord in combat, you would learn that we are as children playing with toys compared to the prowess of the old masters.

There are dark places in the galaxy where few tread. Ancient centers of learning, of knowledge, But I did not walk alone. To be united by hatred is a, fragile alliance at best. But my will was not law. There were disagreements. Ambition. And hunger for power. There are techniques within the Force against which there is no defense. I was cast down. Stripped of my power. Exiled. I suffered, indignities. And fell into darkness.

The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural.

What greater weapon is there than to turn an enemy to your cause? To use their own knowledge against them?

I have watched you. You have advanced in submission to my will. I will make you Dark Jedi, extensions of my own power.

A bold claim, but you are not Sith. You wear the trappings of the Sith, you fight like the Sith, but this can be imitated, however. You lack a vital quality found in all Sith. Sith have no fear, and I sense much fear in you.

The heretic comes for the same reason it came last time. Its body is failing. It fears that which is consuming it. Let the pretender's fear consume it!

At last. Snoke trained you well.

My boy. I made Snoke. I have been every voice you have ever heard inside your head.

The might of the Final Order will soon be ready. It will be yours if you do as I ask. Kill the girl! End the Jedi, and become what your grandfather, Vader, could not. You will rule all the galaxy as the new Emperor. But beware: she is not who you think she is.

Beware. She is not who you think she is.

The Princess of Alderaan has disrupted my plan at the cost of her own life, but even in death, her foolish act will be in vain. Come to me on Exegol, General Pryde.

You will lead these children. They will serve you. And one day soon your father will pass down his teachings to you, and you will learn to do what he did. It will be your life's work to take children like these savages and hammer their malleable minds into whatever shape you so require. They will be tools built for the work at hand. This is my gift to you, boy. One day your father will die. One day soon, I fear. And you will take his place.

The ritual begins!! She will strike me down and pledge herself as a Sith!! She will draw her weapon...she will come to me...she will take her revenge...and with a stroke of her saber...the Sith are reborn!! The Jedi are dead!!

Stand together...die together!! The life force of your bond...a dyad in the Force. A power with life itself...unseen for generations. And now, the power of two restores the one...true...Emperor!

Look what you have made.  As once I fell, so falls the last Skywalker!

Do not fear their feeble attack, my faithful. Nothing will stop the return of the Sith!!!

Let your death be the final word in the story of rebellion.

They've conjured legions of Star Destroyers. The Sith fleet will increase our resources ten thousandfold! Such range in power will correct the error of Starkiller Base.

You are nothing! A scavenger girl is no match for the power in me! I am all the Sith!!
