I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready...

Hey! That looks like Squidward, in angry mob form!

F is for fire that burns down the whole town, U is for uranimum..bombs! N is for no survival!

Squidward, I used your clarinet to unclog my toilet!

Hey, Spongebob, can I borrow the chees bucket?

Gary, go away, can't you see I'm trying to forget you?

You know what I'd really like for my birthday? A booster seat? A booster seat, hot dog! I mean, no.

You don't need a license to drive a sandwich.

Move it, Patrick, I'm claustrophobic

What does claustrophobic mean?

It means he's afraid of Santa Claus!

Remember, licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets!

Worship the magic conch

Why are you mad? Because I can't see my forehead!

Can you take the crust off my Krabby Patty?

Patrick, what am I? Uh, stupid?

That's his...eager face.

The best time to wear a striped sweater...is all the time!

Did you see my underwear?

Once upon a time, there was an ugly barnacle. He was so ugly that everyone died. The end!

No, Patrick, mayonnaise is not an instrument.

No, Patrick, horseradish is not an instrument either.

May I take your hat sir.

Now that we're men, we have facial hair!

Now that we're men, I changed my underwear!

But what if I don't have to go to the bathroom, Patrick?

Well, it makes you look like a girl!

Patrick, how stupid are you?

Two words Spongebob. Na. Chos.

Sometimes we have to go deep inside ourselves to solve our problems.

Well, it is no secret that the best thing about secrets is telling someone else your secret, therby adding another secret to your secret collection of secrets, secretely.

East, oh I thought you said Weest!

I smell the smelly smell of something that smells...smelly.

That's it, mister, you just lost your brain priveleges!

Hmm, a five-letter word for happiness...money.

It took us THREE DAYS to make that potato salad.

this isn't your average everyday darkness. This is...ADVANCED darkness.

Sandy's a girl?!

Look at all the hip, young people eating sal...ads.

I wumbo, you wumbo, he she we, wumbo, wumboing, wumbology, the study of wumbo? 

C'mon, Spongebob, this is first grade!

It's a giraffe!

It's not you that's got me... it's me that's got me!

Oh, I wish I had a nose!

You'll never guess what I found in my sock last night.

That naive cube.

Why don't you ask CowBob RanchPants and his friend Sir Eats-a-lot?

One, two, blue, applesauce...

You know what's funnier than 24, 25.

I'm ugly and I'm proud!

All I know is fine dining and breathing.

Krusty Krab Pizza, it's the pizza for you and meeeee!

If you believe in yourself, with a tiny pinch of magic all your dreams can come true!

The inner machinations of my mind are an enigma.

I can't see my forehead!

Wake me up when I care.

It's just a cruel reminder that I'm single and likely to remain that way forever.

I knew I shouldn't have gotten out of bed today.

But it's my only night to be fancy!

I might as well sleep for 100 years or so.

Goodbye everyone, I'll remember you all in therapy.

My leg.

Fine, I guess you're gonna miss...the panty raid!

Don't you have to be stupid somewhere else?

Squidward, you can't eat all those patties at one time!

I'll have you know, I stubbed my toe last week, while watering my spice garden, and I only cried for 20 minutes.

Squidward, you and your nose will definitely not fit in.

Since when does your house have feet?

There's nothing wrong with getting kisses from your grandma.

Do souls look like pickles?

I hope my horrible uglyness won't be a distraction to you.

Liar, liar, plants for hire.

Wow, a snail made out of bread.

Who you callin' pinhead?

So much later that the old narrator got tired of waiting and they had to hire a new one.

The customers may be hot but y grill is hotter.

If I was a mom, this would be kind of shocking.

You're the best bad influence ever!

You've reached the house of unrecognized talent.

Gee Patrick, I didn't know you could speak bird.

Any particular reason you took your pants off.

We stole a ballon.

Let me get this straight, you two ordered a giant screen television just so you could play in the box?

Here lies Squidward's hopes and dreams.

Squidward, the sky had a baby!

What is today, but yesterday's tomorrow?

Ravioli, ravioli, give me the formuoli

I'd hate you even if I didn't hate you.

Dumb people are always blissfully unaware of how dumb they really are.

Run like you're not in a coma!

Oh barnacles!

Excuse me, sir, but you're sitting on my body, which is also my face.

Well, it may be stupid, but it's also dumb.

Gary, I'm absorbing his blows like I'm made of some sort of spongy material.

Spongebob is the only guy I know who can have fun with jellyfish for 12 hours!

Oh well, I guess I'm not wearing any pants today!

You're a man now, Spongebob, and it's time you started acting like one.

Can you give Spongebob his brain back, I had to borrow it for a week.

If I were to die right now in a fiery explosion due to carelessness of a friend, then it would just be alright.

I'm dirty Dan.

Good people don't rip other people's arms off.

We shall never deny a guest even the most ridiculous request.

Too bad Spongebob isn't here to enjoy Spongebob not being here.

Happy Halloween, Scaredy Pants

You never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory.

Cleanliness is next to manager-liness.

After the promotion ceremony, we're gonna party till we turn purple!